Stairway to heaven
Stair way to heaven is basicly the best song ever dispite the fact that wene you paly it backwards it has 'Satanic' and or 'subliminal' messages in it, in fact I like the song more because it has that in it. I thought that was a cool little twist they put in the song. Not that I'm saying Led Zeppelin is 'Satan' or evil in any way for doing that I just think they were trying to have fun doing it. Oh and to all thoughs who are wondering here are the FULL backwards lyrics, yes kids the WHOLE ENTIRE song has backwards messages, there kinda hard to hear at first but the secound or third time you'll here it easily. ; Plaaaay backwards, ; Hear why its sung here, oppositioner.. ; All on track, all arriving ; They all sing, and they are one. ; Shall I loathe you now, parishoner? ; Oh hear Him, Christian within me. ; It stirs my sin, the river, ; Oh, she swells with our lousiness. ; will all life end for him? ; We're all out of signs, ; I know I'm sorta shocked ; To hear The Lord, ; My God now will save me! ; Oh I will never be saved, ; Because I live with Satan! ; One wish today, ; That you'll all pray for ; Three who will make it here late. ; Pray now and you'll see, ; The 'Lord' turned me on, ; But, oh, I was the shaggy fool.. ; Clothed in agony, ; Lost at a height. ; There's no escaping it, ; Nor his woes.. ; So here's to my Sweet Satan. ; Whose little path ; Would make me sad, ; Whose power is satan. ; He'll give those with him 666. ; And there was an evil toolshed, ; were he made us suffer sad-ly ; Ohohohoh... ; 'Family won't get loose, ; They're offered me.' ; Always soothes the worker. ; Always will be as we know now ; 'I see ruins,' said he, ; 'the world they offered me? ; Who wished the Lord's fall?' ; If we lose feather, ; Say you'll save me! ; And no wimps can bend the rules.. ; And no wimps can do.. ; Hunt next to the shore, ; 'Cause they see all from there, ; See here's the news, ; Who walks with mute grief! ; Perhaps no-one found thee... ; 'Heaven, lift me out,' ; Spake the Rave, ; 'Someday, failed, we'll lose one line-up, ; They've gotta leave forsaken.' ; And no wimps can do.. ; And no wimps can do... ; He, who say the lords ; Thoth have our laws, ; that must be superb. Mass is ended.. ; Over there, ; He who should learn thee. ; Any moot that serves by my sworn music, ; I wish it with snow be shushed, ; All for my mass's sake. ; Hear why its sung, ; here, oppositioner, Ohh.. ; He who should show ; May make his show worthy, ; To look, for us, odd.. sickly, ; There's one chance, take his show. ; Hold thy head, ; Hear why its sung here. oppositioner. ; Who owns this earth built below? ; Oh sweet Israel... ; It's actully really cool to listen to it backwards. ; PS. I'm not trying to say It evil or 'ruin' the song as another definition of this song said.

