Classical Music
A type of music that surpasses all others because it doesn't involve computer generated beats and even more shockingly, no lyrics about bustin' a whitey's ass with lead! ; [Rap] has no true emotion behind it. True composers like Gustav Mahler and Dmitri Shostakovich were intelligent and put real emotion into their music. Rap doesn't have any feeling so it makes you think of nothing while you are listening to it. Classical does contain lyrics in the case of Opera and Church music and if you don&#8217;t understand the language, that&#8217;s YOUR fault! ; The majority of listeners are intelligent people who refuse to listen to Rap because of how bad it sounds. Classical music is still being composed today and has never been better. Some modern composers are Leondard Bernstein and John Rutter. ; Everybody knows that Rappers got famous because the majority of moron Americans would rather listen to &#8220;Come and lick my lollipop, you ho!&#8221; rather than listen to true beautiful emotion classical music. ; Anyone can rap: ; 1: Think of some horrible lyrics about violence, drugs, rape, and misogyny ; 2: Repeat step 1 six times ; 3: Invite 5 of ya gang around ; 4: Give them a microphone and and a synthesizer ; 5: Give each person a different sheet with random notes ; 6: Record the result ; 7: Get some dumbass MTV person to broadcast your shit. ; Most movies these days only use classical music a.k.a. real music rather than that fucking rap shit like 8 Mile, the worst movie ever made. ; The reason classical is only played during movies nowadays is because: ; 1: If they played rap, people would die ; 2: The movie industry is too civilized for Rap. ; 3: Rap artists like 50 cent have too many hoes to fuck and ain&#8217;t got no time to to movie music. ; Classical will remain popular whereas in about 10 years rap will go out of style. People have been fans of classical music for centuries! ; Classical is not boring. There&#8217;s more to classical than slow violin and piano pieces. Have you ever heard Shostakovich? Have you ever heard Mahler? I suggest buying &#8220;Shostakovich Symphony No. 4&#8221; and tell me what you think!

