Downing Street Memo
A July 23, 2002 memo came forward on May 1, 2005, referred to as The Downing Street memo, which contained such notable gems as 'C reported on his recent talks in Washington. There was a perceptible shift in attitude. Military action was now seen as inevitable. Bush wanted to remove Saddam, through military action, justified by the conjunction of terrorism and WMD. But the intelligence and facts were being fixed around the policy.' and ''But the case was thin...Saddam was not threatening his neighbors, and his WMD capability was less than that of Libya, North Korea or Iran.'' ; As Fox News reports in 'Downing Street Memo Mostly Ignored in U.S.', there's been little effect of the memo in the United States, despite the fact that it very succinctly establishes to be factually true what the left has been claiming. Apparently the talking point now is 'we know Bush lied about the war, likely for unjust, immoral purposes, but we on the right feel it's best to move past all that, and think about the future. Dwelling on the past never helped anyone. Furthermore, we feel that even though the Bush administration is directly implicated, we don't think they should be expected to shoulder any culpability on the problem. We should continue to blame France for things, if at all possible.' Let's examine the talking point evolution real quick: ; Original talking point: The United States is going to have a slam dunk success, find WMD, liberate the Iraqi people and have a ton of oil. ; Fall-out after no weapons were found: Two out of three ain't bad. We'll be out of there in a couple of months, and eventually the whole world will be thanking us for dethroning Saddam Hussein so effectively. And he deserves it after all. ; Oil-for-Food scandal: The French were trying to keep us from going to Iraq, because it would expose their Oil scandal. They knew it was such an awesome war, though. They just didn't want us to go because the Oil-for-Food scandal would come out. It's irrelevant that the majority of war critics weren't involved, and likely had no knowledge, of Oil-for-Food, because we can lump all the players together. ; As the war continues with no sign of improvement: Democrats in the CIA conspired to humiliate the President by tricking him into going into Iraq (ala Anne Coulter). We're going to 'stay the course' anyway, though, and history will laud President Bush as a great Liberator. ; 2004 Election Ends: You know, Bush isn't all he's cracked up to be. He scammed the Minute Men because he doesn't hate immigrants, increased Health Care spending, has no respect for States Rights, and has built an appalling deficit. He's still right when he talks about Judicial Reform and appointing a Scalia-esque Supreme Court Justice. But beyond that, he's ineffectual. Newt Gingrich is coming, though! He'll settle this. **Initiate Newt-promotion mode** P.S. Bush still brought down a terrible tyrant! ; Mugabe's human rights violations, and Bush's silence: Hey....we can't get all the brutal dictators! ; The Downing Street Memo: Meh, who cares? ; A good Times Op-Ed describes the lap-dog media in 'Don't Follow the Money.' Everyone's...you know blaming the media......for giving Bush a complete free pass. Rightfully so. Apparently whether or not the King of Pop spends time in the pokey is more relevant. ; There's sufficient evidence for impeachment, at this point. Before I was all 'nah...you can't impeach Bush...you got nothing really on him...he might be telling the truth.' Now I'm gonna say 'yeah...you can and should.' It's not gonna happen, though. Impeachments are reserved for oral sex.

