Odin
Odin is the All-Father deity in the Norse Pantheon (What the Vikings/Scandinavians believed in before converted by Christian Missionaries) ; He is son of Bor and Bestla, brother to Vili and Ve. Each of them has a specific meaning to their name, Odin's being Spirit. ; Often depicted as an older man with a long hair and a long beard, Odin wears a large brimmed hat to cover up his missing eye, and holds a futhark laden spear, Gungnir; a spear forged by dwarves that never misses its target. Odin also sometimes wears a fancy winged helmet. ; Odin lost his eye when he sacrificed it to drink from the well at the base of the world tree, Yggdrasil for ultimate wisdom. In return, he gained unimaginable wisdom and his remaining eye glows as bright as the sun. ; Odin gained his knowledge of Runes from hanging nine days from a branch of Yggdrasil, stabbed with his own spear Gungnir. At the end of these nine days he had seen the runes (Futhark) and learned nine songs. ; The All-Father resiedes on his throne Hlidskjalf in the hall Valaskjalf in Asgard, with his wife Frigga, his two ravens Huginn & Muninn (Thought and Memory), his two wolves Freki & Geri, and his mighty eight-legged horse and steed Sliepnir. ; He is the All-Father of Asgard, the Hall of the Gods. He is the God of War, Wisdom, Poetry, and death. He makes the wisest of the dead speak to him in order for him to learn. ; Odin is also master of the Valkyries, beautiful but deadly warrior maidens who bring the mightiest and most honorable of the slain to Valhalla, where they become Einherjer and await for the final battle at Ragnarok. ; Odin is the father of many others, including Vali, Vidar, Tyr, Balder,Hermod, and Hod to name a few. ; During the final battle, Odin will lead all the Gods, the Valkyries, and the Einherjer into Ragnarok. He will fight the colossal and unnatural wolf Fenrir, where he will be killed. Upon his death, his son Vidar, God of Silence and Revenge, will stick his iron boot into the wolf's jaws, and with a mighty pull, tear the wolf's head in two.

