Tang Soo Doo
ART OF TANG SOO DO ; The art of Tang Soo Do is depicted as an Eternal Triangle in which the body, mind and spirit are interrelated. The concept of the eternal triangle is used to design classes that will simultaneously develop all aspects of the total person. ; MEANING OF TANG SOO DO ; Literally translated, the word 'TANG' means Tang Dynasty of China, which reflects the shared cultural background between China and Korea (617 -907AD). 'SOO' means hand, but implies defensive strike. 'DO' means way of life or art. Thus 'TANG SOO DO' means the Korean classical martial art which was influenced by the Tang method of martial art. ; HISTORY OF TANG SOO DO ; The exact origin of Tang Soo Do (as well as any of the martial arts in general) is obscure, though there are a number of historical theories. However, the most credible and the traditional view is that martial arts originated not in any one country, but in almost all parts of the world as the were needed by primitive people. The ancient ancestral art of Korean Tang Soo Do can be traced back to the period if the three kingdoms. They are as follows; ; Koguryo Founded in 37BC in Northern Korea ; Silla Founded in 57BC in the S.East peninsula ; Paekche Founded in 18BC in the S.West of the peninsula ; After a long series of wars, the Silla Dynasty united the three kingdoms in 668 AD. Among the three kingdoms, the Silla Dynasty was the most famous for it's development of martial arts. A corps formed by young aristocrats who were called the 'Hwa Hrang Do' was the major group who developed the art. Over the years, Tang Soo Do became very popular among the military and public societies. It had many names...Soo Bahk Do, Kwon Bop, Tae Kyun, etc. The first complete martial arts book written in 1790 AD, contained illustrations and substantiated the theory that 'Soo Bahk Ki', the formal name for Tang Soo Do, had quickly developed into a sophisticated art of combat techniques. ; MODERN HISTORY OF TANG SOO DO ; The subsequent occupation of Korea by the Japanese military regime took place from 1909 to 1945. During this period, practicing and teaching martial arts was forbidden. After World War II, in 1945, this restriction was lifted and several martial arts schools were established. ; MOO DUK KWAN HWANG KEE ; CHI DO KWAN KWAI BYUNG,YUN ; CHUNG DO KWAN DUK SUNG,SON ; SONG MOO KWAN BYUNG JIK,KIM ; CHANG MOO KWAN NAM SUK,LEE ; YUN MOO KWAN SANG SUP,CHUN ; These founders started their own organizations respectively, and Grand Master Hwang Kee organized the Korean Soo Bahk Do Association. Besides the Soo Bahk Do association's existence in Korea, there were various other martial arts, called Kong Sii or Tae Soo. In 1965, all the various systems were unified into one organization called the 'Korean Tae Kwon Do Association, and the arts were called Tae Kwon Do uniformly. As a Korean national sport, Tae Kwon Do initiated a new era, and instructors were dispatched throughout the world and the international tournaments were held. It was during those days that Tang Soo Do and Tae Kwan Do divided. Tang Soo Do strives to remain a fully traditional art.

