charles darwin
Many people believe Charles Darwin was a [racist]. He was not and that has been proven time and time again. Charles Darwin was a British person, born February 12 1809, described by himself as 'A very ordinary boy, rather below the common standard of intelect.' Charles Darwin might have been a country parson like his father thought, although a quick quirk of fate kept him from that turnout, when a botanist recommended Darwin for an appointment as a naturalist on the H.M.S. Beagle (without pay!). Darwin revolutionalised evolution when he wrote a book in 1858 called 'The Origin of the Species' and published it in 1859. His friend, with whom he hadn't talked about evolution at all, sent him a journal which was very much like Darwin's book! Darwin was shocked and quickly published his book before his friend published his, and it sold out on the first day. Darwin has been hated by many Christians throughout the past century and a half. Darwin has been said to have 'put god out of a job'. Darwin quietly gave up Christianity. Many Christians find room for both God and Darwin, but most Christians think Darwin was a heretic. I am a Darwinist, and am currently running a petition to make April 19th a religious holiday, as Darwin died April 19th, 1882, after being bedridden for a very long time. ; There are three major kinds of [Darwinism]... ; Religious Darwinism, where religious people find room for their god(s) and Darwin, and ; [Agnostic] Darwinism, where people don't disbelieve in god but they believe in Darwin's theories, and ; [Athiest] Darwinism (me), where people don't believe in any god but believe in Darwin. ; Athiest Darwinism is probably the most practiced. I believe Darwin was right because human and chimpanzee DNA only differs by about 2%. Also, there has been definite proof of things more than 6000 years old (when Christians think the world was made), such as Dinosaur fossils. ; Darwin, Australia is a place. ; My argument for Athiest Darwinism is that... How come there isn't peace and love and all that stuff? Because god left us to our own divices? So after the creation of the universe god decided to lie on the couch, have a beer and watch some T.V.? So god's Homer Simpson? We're screwed.

