Emo Girl
Emo Girl ; An emo girl is a girl who likes to dress in emo fashion, has an emo(tional) personality and listens to emo music. (Such as Bright Eyes.) Emo girls like to hang out with other emo girls and emo boys. They are usually sad most of the time, do not smile very often, and just like emo boys, show no signs of self worth or self confidence whatsoever and will not make eye contact with you. ; An emo girl has very dark hair, either cut somewhere around their shoulder, or in the classic emo haircut, which is sort of short and spiky in the back with long sweeping bangs in the front. Their hair has to be very dark brown or black, or in some cases very light blonde as long as the cut is right. No matter what, it must be worn so that it is covering part of their face at all times. This is because emo girls tend to be shy and mysterious and don't really want their face to show too much. They usually wear a lot of dark eyeliner and tend to have washed out skin. ; Most emo girls are vegetarians or vegans. Although some girls just dress in the emo style, most emo girls are sad; cry and write poetry a lot, and tend to cut their wrists. They usually hide this by wearing armbands or lots of happy colored bracelets. ; Their clothing consists of tight jeans, converse and dark colored tight shirts. They also might have a scarf on. They may a few have pins from shows on their jeans. They usually have at least a few piercings and wear lots of happy colored jewelry. Some wear horn rimmed glasses, some do not. They really don't like it if you confuse them with a goth. Emo and goth are very different so don't make this mistake. ; They are most likely to be seen at shows, looking completely sad and lost. Emo girls also love it when emo boys make out with each other (which they tend to do a lot). ; Just like Emo boys, they usually walk with their head down not making eye contact with anyone. Although most Emo kids are very sad and feel like the world hates them, they tend to understand what other Emo kids are going through.

