Hugh Jackman
-Sydney, Austrailian born actor (October 12, 1968) who started out on Broadway playing shows like 'Sunset Blvd' (which is supposed to be a movie with Hugh and Ewan McGregor soon) and playing Gaston in Disney's 'Beauty and the Beast.' ; -Has a communications degree and has been professionally trained to dance and sing. ; -Used to star in a TV series called 'Correlli' where he met his wife, director Deborrah Lee-Furness. ; -Adopted 2 children, one son, Oscar Maximillian (2000) and recently Ava Eliot (July 2005). ; -Most noted for playing the role of hottie rough and rugged brutish Marvel Comics action hero, Wolverine in 'X-Men,' 'X2,' and up-coming 'X3' and 'Wolverine' the spin-off of the X-Men movies. ; -Was up for the role of 'The Punisher' of the movie of the same title, but was filming another movie--'Van Helsing' and was replaced by Tom Jane. ; -Convinced fellow X-Men star Halle Berry show her boobs in their movie 'Sword Fish' (which means any guy who drooled over that scene owes Hugh for that). ; -Was up for the lead in the movie 'Chicago' but turned it down and was replaced by Richard Gere. ; -Turned down the role of James Bond 007 even though he was the #1 choice after Pierce Brosnan was fired. ; -Is both a successful action and romantic comedy star (ie his role in X-Men and his Golden Golbe nomination for 'Kate and Leopold' with Meg Ryan). ; -The role of 'Van Helsing' was specifically written for him by 'Mummy' director Stephan Sommers, note the parallels between Van Helsing and Wolverine (both can't remember their past and have been mentioned to live a long life through a century or so, both become part wolf in some way, both spend their time fighting off evil and trying to find out who they are, both are chased by people who want to kill them). ; -Refused to appear nude in a scene in X-Men where Wolverine has a flashback where he escapes from the laboratory... ; -YET appeared nude at the end of 'Van Helsing' where he howls at Kate Beckinsale dying, HOWEVER the director changed his mind at the last minute and put a digital loin cloth over Hugh before the film came out because Hugh's nudeness would distract from the seriousness of Beckinsale's death. ; -Has been named one of People magazine's Sexiest Men alive mulitple times. ; -Has won a Tony award from his role in 'The Boy From Oz' and hosted the Tonys consecutive times.

