lesbian sex
So in answer to the question How do lesbians have sex? the answer is simple. Like everyone else, it all falls under personal preference. Sex is really such a personal and intimate act that no one answer would fit for everyone, but here are a few particulars to consider ... ; BODIES. We sometimes forget that the entire body is an erogenous zone. Sensitive areas include the face, ears, neck, arms, chest, belly, back, butt, and thighs, back of knees, calves, feet and toes. The entire body can be used to excite a woman. Rubbing bodies together, feeling erect nipples or moist pubic area can excite with subtle motions. ; FINGERS. Fingers can be delightful to use on those women who enjoy penetration (not all women do). Some women appreciate long, thin fingers while others like the feel of short, strong fingers. No matter what the preference, all women appreciate clean, short, well-filed nails. ; HANDS. Running hands up and down a lover's body will often elicit electric responses of passion. From light caresses down the back to deep rubbing across the butt, caressing is an important aspect to sex. Caressing often turns to gentle pinching or tugging at nipples. Lightly running fingers in a tickling motion across the belly and sides will excite many women. Once excitement has built, slipping fingers into the vagina or rubbing against the clitoris will often bring a woman to orgasm. ; MOUTH. Kissing is a good place to begin and a very important part of sex. Kisses come in different styles depending on the person, the mood and the moment. Tiny, soft kisses tantalize and intrigue. Deep, open-mouth kisses with tongues entwined convey a depth of passion and longing. Kisses are appropriate for any part of the body, wherever one feels the urge to place them, lightly or with trailing tongues. Gently nibbling or sucking on nipples excites some women, and some women can reach orgasm just from breast arousal. It is important to note reactions to these stimulations as some women dislike having their breasts touched at all. Gently nibbling or sucking on a responsive clitoris is enjoyed by most women and most often results in orgasm. ; PELVIC AREA. Some women can reach orgasm by rubbing pelvic areas together or against a lover's leg. This can be done with one partner on top or two women side-to-side. ; ANAL SEX. Anal sex can include anilingus (licking the anus) and/or penetration. Penetration can be done with a finger or fingers, dildo or butt plug. Some women love anal sex, others do not. Like everything else, it's all personal preference. ; DILDOS, VIBRATORS & BUTT PLUGS. (Or objects used to vaginal or anal penetration). Some women use dildos and/or butt plugs some do not. Some use them occasionally; some use them all the time. Dildos come in many different shapes, colors and sizes. Some are shaped as corncobs, fists, dolphins or fingers. Some have attachments to stimulate the clitoris during penetration and some have two ends to stimulate two women at one time. It's all personal preference. ; FISTING. Fisting is penetrating a woman's vagina with your entire hand. Fisting requires a lot of concentration and caution. I recommend Hand In The Bush: The Fine Art of Vaginal Fisting, by Deborah Addington, if you want to learn the proper how-to on fisting. ; MUTUAL MASTURBATION. Many women enjoy mutual masturbation. Lying while facing each other, simultaneously rubbing and touching each other's clitoris can be educational as well as enjoyable.

