wombat copter
n. When a female has diarrhea in her sleep and it slowly seeps into her vagina overnight. When she awakens in the morning, she finds that the diarrhea has solidified inside of her vaginal canal. This produces an effect similar to that of camel toe, as the nature of the hardened feces causes the exterior of the vagina to resemble the facial structure of the burrowing Australian marsupial, the wombat. This appearance combined with the helicopter sound made when one stricken with wombat copter attempts to urinate without properly cleaning the vagina accuratle defines the word. ; The word wombat copter emerged in the eleventh century during the unfification of the Burmese provincial Kingdoms in the region today known as Burma or Myanmar. King Anawratha the Great officially unified the Burmese states in 1044 and set up his new throne in the city of Bagan on the Ayeyarwaddy delta. After converting to Buddhism in 1056, Anawratha went to war with the Mon town of Pegu in order to secure the holy Buddhist Tripitaka scripts from Mon ruler Manuha. As the battle for the Tripitaka raged, the Baganese warriors summoned the strenght of a mysterious Burmese fruit in order to win the war. The warriors ingested these fruits with the hope of attaining great strength, but in reality only managed to drug Pegu prostitutes after having sex with them. These prostitutes, servicing the Baganese army by the thousands, all became drugged while having sex with the Baganese men. When the men awoke the next morning, they found themselves in a hallucinatory state which was postponed due to their high stamina in comparrison with the Pegu women. When the warriors saw the hardened feces in the vaginas of the prostitutes, they assumed that the women with their strange vaginas had induced their hallucinatory state. When the Pegu villagers launched a counter-attack that very morning, recovering lost ground, the myth of the evil wombat copter began. The warriors named the condition of the women havan-bannksue, directly translated as rodent spears, for the appearance and violent urination. The powers of havan-bannksue became central to Burmese cultural tradition for generations, and rival the powers of [geesed] in Eastern religion. 'Wombat copter' later emerged when an Australian anthropologist living in Burma in the 1970s incorrectly translated the phrase while being told the legend.

