FLCL
Also stands for [Fooly Cooly], which is an anime show that is incredibly hard to comprehend, ecspecially at 1:30 in the morning, if you buy all three of the DVDs, and watch them in order, you will understand it ( I do...and it is incredibly hard to explain to other people), but if you watch more than two out of order, your head will explode. It is basically a part of life for a boy named Naota, who is....I guess...starting to enter puberty but he is in Elementary school...so I highly doubt it. Naotas older brother went to the US for baseball, and now his ex-girlfriend Mamimi, flirts with Naota alot. While walking, Naota is hit by a mysterious women on a Vespa, and she then gives him moutn to mouth. Later, Canti the robot pops out of his head. Anyway, the giant iron in the center of the city is Medical Meccanica, and if activated, it will steam roll the planet, flattening it out. BUt Haruko says yo Naota 'Your head is the only one htat works', because his head is a sort of....worm hole, which, when Haruko hits him with her guitar, spawns a horn, which then turns into some....robot...which she then destroys...which is confusing. Going back, if Lord Canti eats Naota, he turns red, and gets a super charge, and in the 5th episode (Brittle Bullet), you discover that red Canti, is actually Atamyst (don't know how to spell it), which would normally be Harukos arch enemy, but she fell in love with hem. In that same episode, a giant hand comes out of Naotas head, and when it was defeated (coolest....fight....ever), it became inactive, the terminal core removed from it. A secret government agency is on to Harukos plans (she is an alien), and plans to stop her from getting what she wants, thus destroying the planet. So mamimi finds the terminal core, which fuses with Canti (who is a component of the core), who the eats Naota, and re-activates the giant hand, which would turn on the iron, but before the hand can grip the iron, Naota emerges with Atamysts power, and starts a guitar battle with Haruko, then Naota admits he loves her, then a bird (atamyst) emerges from his head, sucks up the hand, and flies away. Haruko, still seeking Atamyst, then leaves Naota and Earth. That is the end and story of Fooly Cooly. It is one of the best damn shows ever created, that and [FullMetal Alchemist]

