South
a place that is usually related to many stereo-types. Some of them are true. ; Trucks: all the guys have 'em and girls like 'em big and dirty ; Southern Hospitality: yeh, thats right, we are down right nice people. we bring you in and cook for ya ; 'Southern' accent/language: yes, we have accents. Some are more 'country' than others. The accents are sweet and delicate and the ONLY way to talk. As for our language....its Y'ALL not you all. ; GRITS: girls raised in the south. We are sweet and sincere people. we are quite simple and very appealing to guys all over! we love our southern boys! ; Southern Cookin: HOMEMADE, fried chicken, GRITS and mac & cheese. I dont care who ya are, if you dont like southern cookin...something is wrong with you ; religion: we have to types of religion down here.....Sunday Mornin religion: EVERYONE goes to church and has known every single person in that church their entire life. THEN there is our College Football religion: UGA all the way. every saturday, the family & friends gather around the tv to watch football. steaks are goin on the grill and beer for everyone! WE LOVE FOOTBALL ; great weather: yeh....it can get pretty dern hot down here but at least we dont have to deal with the freezing cold. Snowy football games are no fun ; small towns: oh there are SO many small towns in the south. But its the only way we would have it. the 'city' (atlanta) is far too busy for us simple folk to handle. we like knowing everyone that lives in a 20 mile radius of us. ; PARTY!!!: yes, there are parties all over the country but the south has some of the best. We dont like frilly or fancy parties that take place in 'night clubs' a good 'ole barn party is where its at. We are rowdie people. parties are what we do! ; YANKEES: yes....most southerners flinch at the sound of 'yankee' but thats because their way of livin' is wierd to us. We love football and UGA. They love hockey and wierd things such as the cold. People up there are too high maitenence.....we throw on some jeans and a tank top and we are good to go. Maybe thats why the guys from all over just love a good ole southern belle. oh yeh, the yankees might have won the civil war but the south shall rise again!!!!

