FAWN
Fake Ass Wankster Native. These are commonly found in the subways and at the transit centers and in the malls all over Canada (and also possibly the USA), especially hobo-infested cities such as Edmonton, Vancouver, or Toronto. The average age is about 14 or 15, and they usually wear Exco or Exhaust clothing (because it is cheap but looks like 'real' urbanwear). They are commonly seen smoking stolen cigarettes and flashing gang signs they don't even know, waving two-inch knives, and hustling the elderly with phrases such as 'if ya dont gives me that skrilla im'a hafta buss' a cap in yo' ass, bizzitch!' Often they will wear brightly colored bandannas and extremely large plastic or aluminum jewelry (their 'ice') with glass glued to the front of it to simulate diamonds. As a matter of fact, these bright objects they are so fascinated with help you pick them out on a crowded subway platform and single them out to get pushed infront of the next train consist. They typically walk with a large stride to act 'ghetto' (which they are not, because if they were ever to step infront of a true gangsta and utter that shit, they'd be missing most of their face). When confronted, they will most likely exclaim 'i' not fuckin' u up now bitch i hasta go's and get me my backup!' and then quickly and orderly board a bus or hide behind a wall. They love to act like they are from the hood in a big city, but as we know they are usually from a rural Indian Reserve. And, they are a far cry from being 'gangstas'. The background of this phrase is that it started in Edmonton because a phrase was needed to describe the numerous inbred childhood imitations of 50 Cent that crowd around in downtown Edmonton's Original City or Jasper Place Borough. They will often try to chill there and in the subways waaaaay past their bedtime. ; Although this phrase contains 'native' this in no way intends to diss upstanding Native Americans or even true Native 'gangstas'. It's the fake bitches this one's for.

