potomac
The 'Darkhorse' of rich American towns, Potomac is, based on per capita income, the richest community in the Country. While it is often believed that [Greenwich] or [Westport] is the Mecca of haute coutre and the center of White Judeo-Protestant wealth, Potomac residents exceed their combined aggregate income by 9 figures. It is not uncommon to smoke a cigar in what is affectionately known as 'the Village' with the Director of the CIA, Michael Jordon (who has a business residence here), and film icon Barry Levinson. In addition, 30 percent of Potomac's inhabitants started or currently run multi-billion dollar bio-tech and defense firms. This stands in stark contrast to [Greenwich] and [Westport] because it is indicative of both Potomac residents' superior intelligence and lack of propensity to find comfort in estate-generated inheritance wealth. ; Children in Potomac, while extremely comfortable, are not like the children of other ultra-elite towns in America because they understand the value of work and, more often than not, cannot rely on an inheritance or pure nepotism to guarantee them a job, since their parents are often highly specialized lawyers, doctors, CEO's, politicians, ambassadors, or the Vice President. This does not mean, however, that they are not the object of familial spending. A walk through the Churchill HS parking lot is reminiscent of a DuPont Registry Catalouge. Parties in the area often have at least two kegs filled with a special-order microbrew and an obscure, but fantastic import. [Marijuana] is never purchased; 8-12 ounces is placed at the center of the party for all to partake in. the party ends when the parents' return from their business trip to Milan and Dubai in a private helicopter. ; All this, and the town is adjacent to one of the largest national parks on the Eastern Seaboard, as well as the beacon of the free world, Washington D.C. ; Either way, the town is the shit and all the connecticuit wannabes need to take a trip down south to see what it means to be actively, responsibly, and tremendously RICH.

