Do As Infinity
Do As Infinity is a Japanese Pop/Rock group, under the record label Avex Trax. Created by Dai Nagao, Do As Infinity (also known as DAI or Do As)consists of the typical types of members Rock bands are made of, such as a drummer, guitarists, a bassist, and a lead singer. The main focus of the band was it's lead singer (Tomiko Van), it's guitarist (Ryo Owatari), and it's composer (Dai Nagao), although there are other members. What sets Do As Infinity apart is their sound. ; Do As Infinity is rooted in Rock, both old and new. Their featured guitarist, Ryo Owatari, is a skilled musician who is best known for his extremely accurate and powerful manipulation of his instrument, and his very Led Zeppelin/Jimi Hendrix-era guitar style. Their mix of both Rock sounds and vocals and Pop sounds and vocals helps their music have an infinite number of possibilities. ; The lead singer of the band is Tomiko Van, a vocalist whose range covers both Pop and Rock-she is best known for her soft vocals, her powerful soaring vocals, and everything in between. Stunningly gorgeous and incredibly down-to-Earth, Tomiko has helped Do As Infinity rise to the top, and has helped the band become one of the mainstays in the Japanese music industry. ; Dai Nagao, the man who brought the band together, is the band's composer and one of the guitarists. After composing some songs for Japanese Pop stars Ayumi Hamasaki and Hitomi, Dai was given the oppurtunity to create a band of his own. Do As Infinity was created (basically, Dai created DAI). After composing the album Break of Dawn, which was among the top 10 selling albums of it's time, New World put Do As Infinity on top of the charts. Dai eventually stopped appearing live and in music videos with the band, so that he could focus on composing for them behind the scenes. He eventually created his own record label. ; Do As Infinity was created in 1999, and very unfortunately (and a shock to all of their fans), they split up in 2005. September 29, 1999 to September 29, 2005. They remain one of the greatest Pop/Rock groups of all time, Japanese or not. ; Do As Infinity may not be around anymore, but Tomiko Van is continuing her career as a solo artist, and Ryo Owatari is dedicating himself full-time to a side project he worked on during their last year together (the he works with now is Missile Innovation, under the Tearbridge Records label). Dai Nagao will continue to compose for Avex Trax and his own record label.

