book banning
Wow, a defintion where you get to listen to someone ramble on about why they are against censorship. Well, here goes: ; Book banning is when books are removed from children's reading lists because of sexual content, death, violence, magic, anti-religious themes, drugs, homosexulality, transgenders, transvesites, and any other fucked up reason those conservative, bible-banging southerners can come up with! (Excuse my French). Some books, such as the Harry Potter series were banned because they contain magic and sorcery and the eye of some religious schools, magic is the work of the devil and kids shouldn't read about because it will take them away from there faith. A kid can read Harry Potter and still believe in God, for God's sake. Some books were banned because a character was homosexual, or a transvesite, and homosexuality is considered evil! Sometimes, a character will dress up as a boy (or a girl) and the book will be banned. A character will die of natural causes, and the book will be banned. A character will say the word 'pee' or 'poop' and the book will be banned. A character will commit suicide and the book will be banned. A character will say the word sex and the book will be banned. A character will talk about death or say the word 'die' and the book will be banned. A character will say a swear word such as 'crap' or 'damn' and the book will be banned. I can understand books being banned because of racism or vivid sexual scenes, or vivid violent scenes. Banning books from children does nothing except make the children more curious as to why the books have been banned! However, I believe that schools can ban whatever they want, because it's not always up to the children to make the best choices on what kind of book they should read. But banning books from libraries is WRONG! People have the freedom to read whatever they want and the fucking government should have absolutely nothing to do with it! I want you to end book banning and censorship NOW!

