Blood For Blood
If the ghost of Johnny Cash was to unexpectedly rise out of its tomb and supernaturally resurrect its musical soul in the form of a hardcore band, the result would be an anthemic, outlaw punch not unlike Boston's favorite white trash hardcore hooligans, BLOOD FOR BLOOD. ; While Cash grew up as a restless farm boy who longed for fast cars and fast women, the boys in BLOOD FOR BLOOD were reared in the projects and their outlaw spirit reflects the callous surroundings from which they were rendered. Blood For Blood are from outside. They stand on the threshold of society with all but a few toes tangling off the edge with a maniacal desperation, longing for sanity. Theirs is a journey from one end of alienation to the other - only to be flung violently back to the hole from which they crawled out of. 'I been held down my whole life. This band is my opportunity to spit in society's face...' says guitar player Rob Lind. ; Inspired by bands such as Sheer Terror, Breakdown, Carnivore and Raw Deal, Blood For Blood formed as a reaction to the existing heavy music scene in Boston back in 1995. 'We couldn't relate to anything that was going on in Boston at the time,' says vocalist Erick Medina, 'We wanted to hear music about the shit we saw and faced everyday. The scene at the time was a fashion show.' Blood For Blood make no mistake about what their talents are - and what talents they lack. They don't sing. They don't rap. They don't dance. They don't act. And they definitely ain't too pretty. They are white trash hardcore rock and roll. And they have just begun their invasion of today's hair-and-nails conscious heavy music scene. ; Blood For Blood have cultivated a large, and dangerously loyal, fanbase since their inception almost a decade ago. Having toured with such acts as DROPKICK MURPHYS, TERROR, and SICK OF IT ALL, exposing their venom to the nation, the band has left an indelible and hungry mark on the scene. The band has successfully put five recordings under the belt, with four of them having been released through VICTORY RECORDS and having had received countless praise in the press worldwide. Blood For Blood has always garnered real, genuine admiration among their fans as well - fans who have been known to willingly bruise, bleed, and become scarred for them at their notoriously 'high risk' live shows. With the momentum clearly in their favor, Blood For Blood are ready to throw their gloves in for one more round with their upcoming THORP RECORDS debut MCD. ; Musically, few bands can touch the viscously aggressive hardcore/punk rock sound of Blood For Blood which is served up like a platter full of Sheer Terror, Madball, and The Bruisers. ; Lyrically, Blood For Blood combines the depravity and pain of the world they see outside their door every day with the experiences of their own dead end lives in an outlaw-poetry style that truly affects its listeners in a deep way. 'We get letters from dudes in prisons in New York, Boston, Detroit and even Alabama, telling us that our shit (music) gets them through and helps 'em face another day,' says guitarist Rob Lind. Like Cash playing his outlaw songs to the inmates decades ago, today's redemption-seeking inmates are turning to the choruses of BLOOD FOR BLOOD for solace in hard times. ; If you've plowed through all your dead ends and need to find friendship in a cold hard world...If loneliness and solitude is all you've know and you long to find family when you had none...If rock bottom has ever left you praying under cold street lights...If in your neighborhood, you've seen one too many stolen cars drive by, well, then it's time you raise your fist in the air and join in the outlaw anthems of Blood For Blood.

