Classical
Considered a type of music however unlike music it doesn't involve computer generated beats and even more shockingly, no lyrics about bustin' a whitey's ass with lead! ; Classical music has no true emotion behind it. True lyricists like Nelly speak from the heart. Classical doesn't have any lyrics so you don't know what they were thinking when they wrote that filth. ; The majority of listeners are old people who refuse to move on because if they heard how good new music was compared to this dribble they would kill themselves because it would undoubtably prove we live in the greatest generation. Classical Music is so old, it was made when John Lennon wasn't a corpse (I know that he is a rock loser but they were all invented at the creation of the universe.) ; Everybody knows that Mozart only got famous when he started beefing with the Beethoven man. During their sets, they would get semi-naked girls to dance around on the piano unlike the true artists of today who let their beautiful masterpieces speak for themselves. ; Anyone can make classical music. ; 1: Think of some random notes (Not even beats!) ; 2: Repeat step 1 six times ; 3: Invite 25 of ya gang around ; 4: Give them a violin or trombone or something else (NOT a turntable to be seen!) ; 5: Give each person a different sheet with random notes ; 6: Record the result ; 7: Get some director who is old to play it during their movie. ; 8 Mile is the best movie ever made and that ended with 'Lose Yourself'. No Classical in that. Only REAL music. ; The reason classical is only played during movies nowadays is because: ; 1: If they played rap, people would focus more on the wicked beats than the plot. ; 2: All directors are older than 30 because they lived when dinosaurs ate people but unfortunely they lived. ; 3: Rap artists like 50 cent have too much dignity to let their art be given to shitty films like 'Civtizen Cane' ; Classical only used to be popular because it was 'cool' at the time and true music like rap wasn't invented yet. ; Emotional music comes from the heart, not from fucking black dots written on a paper with lines. ; Classical is boring. When is the last time you saw classical music on MTV or at no.1 in the charts? I rest my case.

