Universe
A unified consciousness experiencing itself subjectively, looking for its reason for absence. ; We are solving ourselves. ; Each universe within the multiverse is like an octave of reality. As we understand there are 7 colours and 7 notes in a scale. There are also 7 levels of consciouness. Each octave of thought is a different dimension/parrallel universe. ; We can only see into this reality just like we can only see one octave of light. Higher vibrations are out of view, and so are lower vibrations. The same goes for sound, only because particles are at much lower energy vibrations anyway, we can hear more octaves. ; Everything is looking to progress from a lower vibration to a higher vibration. At higher vibrations everything is less seperate. E.g. The frequency of T.V's is roughly 50hz, and so for us it seems smouth and one flowing picture. At lower frequencies we can see each individual frame. ; The idea is to become more unified. Emotionally, Love and Hate are the spectum of thought. Hate is seperation - lower frequencies of thought, love is unifaction - higher frequencies of thought. When we hate everything, then we suffer, because as we have hated everything, so everything has hated us. When we love everything, we find bliss, because as we have loved everything, so everything loves us. Very simple, yet so far, our species (humanity) has yet to see this obviousness. ; We have had glimpses into the truth of higher, more perfect, realities (known as heaven - which is only a word, the reality is so much more), but due to our misinterpretation of the truth due to our lack of understanding to begin with we have generated a game of chinese whispers through religions until our realisation that we were being controlled through half truths and misconceptions. ; Understand that these chinese whispers have passed through the minds of hatful people that wish to control and supress true knowledge from us. E.g. 200 years ago, we were being enslaved by christianity. Now, we broke free from childish interpretations of reality into something much worse. As we developed so did the system. ; We are now controlled by governments. Much more organised, much more controlling. Setting aside commandments for laws. ; There is only universal law, everything else is just a guideline. That being said, killing someone isn't against the universal law, but it is a hateful act and so the universe balances itself by mechanisms described in Buddhism as Karma. It is important to act as loving and compassionate as possible so as to enjoy everything and ascend in consciousness. ; Heaven is simply a higher vibration of reality, Hell doesn't exist. Or, we already exist in the lowest vibration of thought there can be. So this is technically Hell. ; God is Love, because love is unified and God is complete as one. Perfect like a sphere. ; Aside from all of the above. Most of us forget that we are just beings in a universe, and become so obsessed with our own petty lives we forget the bigger picture. ; The universe is like the breath of God. Moving from 0 - 1 - 0... The universe shall expand and contract from nothing to nothing. We shall live these lives over and over again. ; Though, in higher realities, because our frequency is much higher, so time appears slower. Our thoughts are very much more instintaneous because we exist as energy, so our thoughts are as fast as light. Yet, our thoughts now are controlled on a chemical level, and have to travel through nerves at less than 1/100 the speed of light (possibly even less). ; We see things in a linear fashion. We see a begining - the 'Big Bang' and so for us, there is an end - the 'Big Crunch'. But time is just an illusion. When we develop higher understandings of reality, so shall we understand time in a different way. And so we shall forget the past, forget the future, and live completely in the present. The only thing that exists is the here and now, and so, when we live completely in the here and now, so time has no relevance, and so we find eternity in bliss, through love.

