gang stalking
[Gang Stalking] is stalking by more than one person to a victim, usually involving community harassment, or the 'mob', using people from all backgrounds and vocations to harass, tracking 24/7, sometimes organizing lethal vehicle accidents, poisoinings, electronic harassment, home invasions/property destruction, corrupt or ignorant doctor diagnosis given to stamp the victim as bogus mentally ill with delusions, paranoi, or schizophrenia, etc. Everything is done covertly, and with a sophisticated real time dispatching system to organize the criminals' harassments and attacks, often in the hundreds to thousands of criminals participating as a coordinated mob at any given time while the criminals due their normal routines of work, shopping, commuting to and from work, leisure, etc., using the method of [moving foot and vehicular surveillance techniques], and computers, cell phones, verbal and visual cues, and every other conceivable type of communication. ; Often, the local network of this mob is connected to a national and international network - funding is done by illicit drug industry/crime syndicates, CRIMINALS working in:coroporate envioronment, and government sponsored terrorism for military weapons research using [ unconsenting human medical research testing ]linked to teaching/research hospitals. Practically all work environments and local communities have been compromised and set-up as a super domestic terrorism predator for mob antics- in every form of business, the government, and even police and fire departments and intelligence agencies. All of those entities have been reportedly ,on the internet and by victims accounts , to have been infiltrated with SOME of these numerous criminals willing to do this crime for money, greed, revenge, politics,war on the poor and disabled, [psychological warfare] and [Direct Energy Weapons testing/research] for contractors of [phsychotronic equipment], and [mind control operations]. No place is immune from these criminal dirty birds, not even hospitals or police stations. These weapons, which omit various forms of [Electromagnetic Frequency(EMF or RF:radio frequency)], and other tactics are meant to mimic natural illness, and mental illness. Organ and cell damaging, Pictures and sounds, mind reading, and dream interogation can be achieved now by satellite delivery,CCTV, house wiring serving as a conductor, or even portable devices that are top secret and denied technology, but both the good guys and the bad guys have gotten their hands on them. They are used to sometimes drive a person's life into the ground, with hopes of the perfect unprovable crime results. These RF Weapons can cause Diabetes, cancer, and a host of other digestive and other terrible diseases. Remarkably, its not usual for some neighbors, co-workers, or family members to ALREADY be involved in these secret operations before a related victim is chosen to be attacked. That is a closely guarded secret, and hardly any person who is unfamiliar with gang stalking or mob organization and tactics would believe to be true. Often,person known by the victim are recruited before or after the victim even realizes what is happening, that his/her life has the problem of gang stalking. Some victims never figure out that they are being attacked covertly,even if they die, or who is the main person of group who desired the criminals to destroy the often innocent victims life. Corportate and influential well connected small business owners to politicians and the underworld can put a person on this list to be attacked by gang stalking, and the other criminal components that go along with it.There is belief that this crime, gang stalking, is often the underbelly, or dark side of 'The New World Order' that the elder President George Bush spoke of in the early 1990's. [New World Order] is a push by Bush and his millions of partners to have the USA be the strongest leader in the new one world global government that is taking shape now, and already bascically exists in the illicit drug trade. George Bush believes in parnterships between the government and criminal syndicates as evidenced by the [Iran-Contra War] scandal. Gang Stalking increased dramatically starting under the elder [George Bush Presidency], and continues growing exponentially like an evil cancer accross the world. There are thousands, if not millions of victims. For a relevant history, look up ['The Dan Bolles Papers'] on Google concerning the [Charles Schuld] case. Also, look up the ['Ken Wilbourne,Jr'] on [Google] that directs to the [perfect.co.uk] web site. Note: [RF Weapons] can be made by savvy electrical criminal from parts from electronic stores, and are used to make a [beam weapon] utilizing destructive [ionizing radiation] or microwaves into a persons house using precision for that one intended victim, can cause radiation sickness, as said cancer, and worse, even sudden death by heart attack, or brain stroke.

