UK
It is really pathetic that so many Americans have written definitions for the UK,England etc when they don't even live here and most of them have never even been here. They use urban dictionary to argue the point that they are not stupid, fat, opionated liars etc then they say things like this 'An island of crumpet eating tea sucking whiny bastards who are jealous of the USA and its might'. ; Sure, America may be a super power now but pick up a fucking history book, super powers never last forever, like the Romans, Egyptians and even the UK which used to own about the quarter of the world. America is already the most hated country in the world so be nice to the other countries if you want us to help you need it and stop banging on about saving our asses in the second world war, you only got involved cause of Pearl Harbour and stuff and less people would have died if you'd helped at the start but this is in the past so it doesn't even matter now anyway. ; Anyways the UK is a group of countries and islands, the biggest being England. It is on the same line of latitude as Labrador (the place not the dog) but because of the warm sea current that i forget the name of, the climate is temperate. It is a fairly peaceful place to live and most people don't really give a fuck. ; However there is an increasing epidemic of [chav]s which are the sub human scum of the earth and are diluting the otherwise okay population. People complain about immigrants but at least most of them work, and they don't try and fight you just cause you looked at them or something stupid like that. ; Also we do not all have bad teeth, we don't all drink tea.. i don't even know how to make it.. and we are not all posh (far from it). For more information visit a tourist sight or something. ; O and for the person who was banging on about Ireland... we don't hate the Irish or anything and i'm sure most British people would give Northern Island back to Ireland but it's not our choice is it fools, also they aren't totally the victims, if you look in old news you will find that the IRA blew up parts of England including the centre of Manchester killing lots of people but nobody even talks about that anymore anyways and we don't hate each others guts and we go on holidays to each others countries ffs and the IRA have said they are disarming now anyways. ; Finally we're not all posh, pompous idiots either, some of the most popular TV shows here are ones that take the piss out of us like Little Britain so yes we do have a sense of humour and we don't all love the fucking queen! ; Since i was born in Wales and have lived there, and now live in England and have been to Scotland many times and know people in Northern Island i think my definition is more accurate than someone from america or australia or some other far thrown place, who are fools for writing a defintion for a country they don't even know and in some cases probably couldn't even point to on a map.

