Chav
The origins of the word are the mid-19th century Romany word chavi, meaning 'delinquent male youth'. It is sometimes defined as 'male youth' but that is in fact inaccurate as the word is intend to carry a negative meaning much as calling a young child a 'brat' in English. ; The first known recorded history of the words usage comes from a story written in London citing trouble with young people distrubing graves in the London area simply as a means of disrepect. The story was based on an issue brought to light by the Church of England. ; History: A local London church (who had the position of owning the a graveyard at that time)had informed the Church of England calling upon its huge power and influence to resolve an issue of local youths disrupting its graveyard. When the church questioned locals it was revealed by local immigrants that the problems came from young Romany which they called 'chavi'. The immigrants claimed the incidents had no evil motives are were just an example of badly behaved youths playing a prank. ; The word enjoyed a period of widespread use around the time but then disappeared from mainstream until around 1988 when a major new service ran a story citing a similiar incident. The source of the story is unknown but it is known to have used the word 'Chavi' because a court case followed due to the enthic orgin of the word and the way it was used in the story. The story was again about an issue in London and the paper first ran there. ; There have been many claims that the word came from Scotland or the Northern areas of England but these claims are in fact false and show a lack of knowledge of the etymology of the word. Another untrue claim of the word is the spelling should be 'charv' with the explanation being that the word comes from 'charver'. In fact this is incorrect as the word 'charver' roughly translates to a 'prositute or someone who sacrifices their bodies to gain wealth' and the words popularity is directly related to a sub-culture in Britain where as the members generally do not work (ruling out charver completely) and are social deviates. ; Probably the most accurate definition of a Chav would be: members of the lower class; uneducated and ignorant people with little regard of the legal system or without respect for the society inwhich they live.

