The Beatles
A band formed in the late 50s that lasted till 1970. Formed by [John Lennon], James [Paul McCartney], [George Harrison], [Pete Best], Stu Sutcliffe, and later added Richard Starkey [Ringo Starr]. ; John Winston Lennon - Was around 12-15 when he first picked up a guitar and was playing it like memorized the chords for his whole life. John met Paul McCartney through one of his friends and they striked up a strong and long lasting friendship. John Lennon was also extremelly influenced by Elvis Presley. On December 8, 1980 John Winston Lennon got shot 5 times, leaving fatal wounds in his shoulder area and neck. John's last known words are '*Oh God, I've been shot*' He then stumbled to the ground and bleed to death in his own blood and Yoko's arms. ; George Harrison - Was around the same age as John when he to picked up a guitar and played it like he knew what he was doing. George greatly idolized John by following him and Cynthia (John's girlfriend at the time) Powell. George, on December 1, 2001, died of lung cancer. ; James Paul McCartney - (As said above) Met John Lennon during a music fair, striking up a world renowned friendship. Paul, John, and George started playing together fairly young (around the same age as when they picked up a guitar.) Paul, as some of you might know, was not originally a bassist, he played guitar just like everyone else in the band (Bassist was left up to Stu Sutcliffe.) Paul still plays his famous song, Get Back, Let It Be, etc, to this day. ; Stu Sutcliffe - Was a friend of John's and played bassist for the Quarry Men (original band name.) After much touring, mainly in Germany, Stu got dragged to the asphalt of a parking lot, beat, and kicked in the head several times with steel tipped boots. Stu fell in love with Germany and married a woman who gave the Beatles their famous 'Beatle Cut'. Stu, around 1963 died of a hemmorage to his head. ; Pete Best - Thought of as the unlucky one. Pete was a drummer for The Silver Beetles, when the band auditioned for a recording contract, the recorder said '*You have to get a new drummer, or you'll never make it big*' This was the deciding factor in Pete's fate. ; Richard Starkey - Informally known as Ringo Starr because of the many rings on his fingers. Ringo was the replacement drummer for Pete Best, quite a good drummer (in place of Pete.) Ringo never had much say in the group, George and he only getting 1.5% profit from record/touring deals while John and Paul getting a good 15-30%. ; The Beatles have been through many many phases in their musical carrer, starting with twangy 50s rock & roll, early 60s love songs, mid 60s drug influenced, to late 60s down to earth serious songs. ; Their rock & roll songs are covers of their favorite artists. ; Their Love Songs are originally theirs, from Love Me Do, I Want To Hold Your Hand, to Michelle. ; Their Drug Influenced songs are, Nowhere Man (The first song not about love/girl), Sgt. Pepper's, Magical Mystery Tour, Blue Jay Way, and Cry Baby Cry (being the last of John's Lewis Carrol influenced songs) ; Their down to earth serious songs are Sexy Sadie, Dear Prudence, Two Of Us, Let It Be, Get Back, and the Abbey Road Meledy (You Never Give Me Your Money through The End.) ; The Beatles have gone through many song changes, from quite generally: ; The Quarry Men, The Silver Beets, The Silver Beats, The Silver Beetles (Play on The Crickets), The Silver Beatles (They play songs with a beAt in them), and right before the Ed Sullivan Show, The Beatles. ; Sadly, due to personal and finacial difference/problems The Beatles broke up. Inbetween that time, Ringo quit once or twice and George quit once but joining back up within a day or two. ; The Beatles shall always be remembered in the history of music.

