Capitalism
Capitalism is the refinement of all the ills of the free market -- such as the 'bottom line' being more important than people, the emphasis on using money as the basis for measuring values, and the constant need for more and more that drives the system. ; Capitalism is an inhuman force that pushes millions into poverty. It is a force that leads a small group of extremely powerful men to dominate the majority. In the quest for power, the capitalist not only rapes and pillages a few small villages and towns. The capitalist rapes entire markets and nations. This creates resentment for the wealthy. Because of this, the capitalist resents the majority in return, and fears them, too. Capitalists use their resources to isolate and protect themselves from the ever-increasing amount of victims tha they leave behind; they spend more and more on body guards and security to protect themselves from both real and imagined threats. ; A capitalist society is a society ruled by money. The poor, which do not have access to the capital, are bantied about by economic forces. They are unwitting stooges, devoid of free will and hope. Capitalism is a society where an extremely small group of people live in unimaginable luxury and elegance while the rest of the world wallows in environmental degradation and increasing squalor. It is a society where the rich and powerful get richer and more powerful. It is a system where the ruling elite use their insider connections to grind the rest of the world under its heels. It is a world of monopoly, insider trading, financial scams and outright theft. Capitalism is an imbalanced mechanism for distributing power where the rich get richer and the poor to get poorer. The Wealthy capitalists use the government to do their bidding, whether they are stealing property from the less powerful by having the government take it over by imminant domain, and handing it over to themselves, or using our military to overthrow a poor nation that uninvites their industries in favor of local businesses. ; Capitalism leaves, in it's wake, shattered lives, iniquity, and an uncaring attitude towards people.

