Kloepperism
Study of antisocial behaviours associated with the use of medical pathological lying. Often confused with [politician], the Kloepperan has absolutely no clue about the meaning of words in the first place. The tendancy of Kloepperans to adopt politian traits is more likely due to a survival mechanism fairly well understood. The main difference being an incapacity to communicate in a rational manner. In females, it is usually coupled with a sense of inadequacy that translate into misanthropy (hate of the male). Promising research tries to link the condition to a human variant of the Mad Cow disease. The first known case of the Kloepper syndrome stems from Kloepper, a shrewd individual that reportedly could lie and contradict herself many times in one sentence and would resort to libels and slanders against any kind of achievers. ; Related terms ; to kloepperize: Use of malappropriate, inaccurate or discredited discourse in order to cause harm (Ex: Overuse of positive/negative characterizations to describe individuals. Use of the 80-20 rule and focus on the 80 part instead of the 20 part, contrary to the theory, to impede improvements. Overuse of bigotry and veiled racist, sexist and stereotyped references) ; Say a kloepper: Similar to a false syllogism, except that there is no intent to be rational in the first place. ; dirt off a Kloepper's back: irrational dismissal of problems before knowing what the problem is. ; Kloeppian bargain: the expression originates from Faustian bargain. Bargain made when there is absolutely no hope that the other party will keep its promise. ; Kloeppian tactics: expression similar to Fabian tactics (to wear out an opponent by delay and evasion rather than confrontation). The opponent is also worn out by relentless nonsense communication. ; Kloepper of all Trades: People thinking they can do something when they are clearly incompetent. ; kloeppera non grata: An undesirable and contemptible person. ; Kloepper's law: (Ex: 'If something can go wrong, I will make it happen')

