Tom DeLonge
Tom DeLonge, born on December 13th 1975, is a founding member of the bands blink-182, box car racer and angels and airwaves. He grew up in Poway, CA. Tom believes strongly in aliens--very strongly--and bought a computer for the soul purpose of looking up alien websites. He believes he was abducted and anally probed .. on purpose. His stage nickname is 'Hott Pants.' He's married (unfortunately) to his highschool sweetheart, Jen Jenkins and they have a daughter named Ava. He married Jen on May 26, 2001 after proposing to her while she was sleeping on their tour bus. He currently lives in Encinitis, CA. He was introduced to his best friend, Mark Hoppus, by Mark's sister Anne who wrote the book, 'Tales From Beneath Your Mom,' about her brother's band. Tom costarred in the movies The Urethra Chronicles 1 and 2 and made a guest appearence, along with band members, Travis Barker and Mark Hoppus, in American Pie. In high school he was kicked out for being drunk at a highschool basketball (possibly football) game. He was forced to go to Rancho Bernardo High. He was later admitted back into his high school and was voted prom king, which angered his school's officials greatly. The song 'Dick Lips' was written about this event. Blink-182 is currently on hiatus since 2005 to 'spend more time with their families', but Box Car Racer broke up one year after their first album 'Box Car Racer' because Travis and Tom were both in the band and Mark felt alienated. Tom didn't want his best friend to feel this way, so the band split up and their website, boxcarracer.com was taken down. It has since then been put back up and the Angels and Airwaves first CD is expected out soon. A blink's greatest hits album is also expected out soon. Blink was the original name of blink-182 because Tom likes short verbs. But, they were sued by an Irish techno band also called blink and though many rumors were made for the reason of the '182' it is in fact just a random number to avoid law suit. Blink's produced the following CDs: Flyswatter, Buddha, Cheshire Cat, Dude Ranch, Enema of the State, The Mark Tom and Travis Show, Take Off Your Pants and Jacket, and blink-182/self-titled/untitled. Aside from being a big gross pervert with his buddies, Tom is the sexiest man on earth and the funniest and best guitarist and singer in the world. I have been inspired by him and all of his bands (of course ... that's why i know this much by heart!!) and I will always love him.

