Battlefield 1918
Battlefield 1918 is a total conversion modification for [Battlefield 1942]. This game, made by [Electronic Arts] and Dice in 2002, is one of the very few first person shooters that manages to put you straight onto a complex battlefield. As a player, you are able to use a broad variety of tactics and situations to your advantage. Next to the typical [FPS] elements, you are also able to drive vehicles, fly planes or even take the command over a battleship. Because of this, Battlefield 1942 manages to bring the chaos of a real battlefield to life on your computer screen. ; Battlefield 1918 takes Battlefield 1942 into a whole new scenario, the first world war. Next to historically correct equipments and vehicles, we try to recreate the atmosphere of these WW1 battlefields as close as we can, keeping in mind the game we're working with. To achieve this, we've drastically changed the gameplay from the original game like so that you must now rely on teamwork, artillery, trenches and slow vehicles. ; Battlefield 1918 combines fun with historical correctness, gaming with history, the memory of one of the most terrifying wars mankind has ever known, with fun had by people over the internet. Next to the battles fought on the Western front between mostly the Germans, the British and the French, we'll also cover other scenarios, such as the Turkish battlefields at Gallipoli, or the Eastern front where Germany and Austria-Hungaria fought against Russia. Next to land- and airbattles using historic weapons and vehicles, we're also planning on covering the naval aspect of WW1 in a broad spectrum, as this was the time in which the great battleships still were the absolute rulers of the seas. ; Our website has been created using a modern system called Dotlan, which enables us to offer all of the necessary information in three different languages. At the moment, most of the content is available in both German, English and French. Next to all kinds of information regarding the game itself, we also have a quite elaborate history databank filled with articles well worth a read. We keep our community up to date on a nearly daily basis about the progress of the game as well as the history behind it. Our forum reaches about 130 posts per day coming from about 1000 active members. With about 5000 visitors each day, we're now one of the well known sources for WW1 material on the net. ; Over 10000 players play Battlefield 1918 per month, a number in which the regular players have a fair share. World War One rages on three official servers and several by clans or privately set up servers. This makes Battlefield 1918 one of the top mods in the scene, but also the currently most played game around the first world war. ; With over 40 members, the Battlefield 1918 team is one of the biggest in the modding scene. We work each day to broaden this mod even further, to further improve on the fun and feel of the game. All of this is done on a non commercial basis and is mostly a hobby project. However, we do make use of modern technology in the development of the mod. Next to a CVS system, which enables multiple developers to coordinate their work and work together, we make use of modern 3D programs, graphical programs and the tools made for modding this game by EA and Dice. All developments come from careful planning and a coordinated team. ; A large team of betatesters makes sure that the usual high level of quality is preserved. Only those vehicles, weapons, sounds, images, videos and maps that we deem appropriate for the public to see will be published. ; We're currently still working hard on Battlefield 1918 and we'd like to express our thanks to EA and Dice for making this great game called Battlefield 1942. Without this, we wouldn't be able to create this mod we're making here.

