Revolution
The Next-Gen System of Nintendo; The Gamecube is it's predecessor, and not the other way around. Whether you support it or not, this system is considered/promoted as being 'revolutionary' for its controversial new controller, a remote shape with a [D-Pad] and 2 Buttons; An analog stick and 2 triggers can be attached if needed. The remote acts as a freehand pointer and can be held like a baseball bat, gun, drumstick, etc; This along with the analog stick supposedly is equal to if not better than a keyboard/mouse combo (most helpful in [FPS] games), hence its 'revolutionary' tag. It also offers free wi-fi online play, the ability to download games from Nintendo's extensive library, gamecube backward-compatability, and dvd player functions. ; The other 'revolutionary' aspect of this system is that its headed in a totally different direction than its competition, Sony's [PlayStation 3] and Microsoft's [Xbox 360]. Where as the aforementioned are geared to be high-end media powerhouses with many features, the Nintendo is striving for improving the quality and 'fun' of playing the game; this can turn out wonderful or utterly crappy, depending on the general public's acceptance of the new controller and the ability of 3rd Party developers to make full use of its capabilities. ; PS3/360: Traditional approach, focusing on better, stunning graphics and sound as well as extra media features such as MP3 playing. Critics argue that a game with crappy gameplay that looks beautiful just makes it beautiful crap; also, the more of a powerhouse a console is, the more expensive it is to develop for. ; Revolution: Radical approach, focusing on the gameplay. The controller should be easy to use by anyone, but above all fun to play with. Critics say that the Revolution will not be able to run games with graphics within this generation's standards. It is also thought that the controller will make you tired after swinging it around so much. ; Its name is slated to change before release, sometime after Q2 2006.

