Soccer Mom
Any parent (most commonly female) who seeks to impose their ethical and moral standards upon the rest of the world, justifying the suppression of all other views by claiming it is for the protection of their children. Soccer moms believe that they are all great parents, despite their inability or unwillingness to take responsibility for their children. ; Soccer moms are responsible for almost every act of censorship, and almost every frivolous safety 'feature' or warning label seen on products today. Movies and games that contain strong language, graphic violence, strong language, or references to the occult are banned on behalf of soccer moms, because they cannot be bothered to pay attention to what their children are watching or playing. They are the reason that the rear windows of certain vehicles, the Ford Taurus for example, can only be rolled down approximately 12 inches (or .3 meters), and there is no option to allow you to disable this 'safety feature.' They are the reason that bags of peanuts say 'Warning: May contain nuts.' That's intelligent. ; Soccer moms are also a major contributing factor to the gas price hike that America has experienced in recent years. They attempt to stand out and look 'rugged' by driving SUVs. They do not realize that an SUV is not an economy car. It is large, it is ponderous, and it takes a good deal of distance to come to a stop. It is designed to be abused like no other vehicle, by towing trailers, hauling heavy cargo, and driving off road. Instead, they have been converted to child haulers and grocery getters. They consume twice as much gas as a station wagon, which would perform the same tasks admirably. Soccer moms dismiss the fuel consumption with the excuse 'If I can afford the gas, why should you care?' This demonstrates their absolute lack of economic knowledge, as it shows that they are completely ignorant of one of the most basic economic concepts: supply and demand. They use more gasoline, but the same amount is refined. The result is higher gas prices for all. ; So, to summarize, they cause high gas prices, needless censorship, inconvenient 'safety features,' numerous traffic accidents, and an entire generation of their spawn ('rebellious' youth who are angst ridden and void of any and all responsibility and morality). ; I hope this shows, conclusively, that soccer moms are the scourge of this land, and the movement must be eliminated at all costs.

