Dragonball Z
A big craze a while back but now is revealed by many people with those having a decent or great social and mental intellectuallity DBZ (abbreviation for Dragonball Z) is a lame excuse for an Anime, even more than Pokemon but nothing nearly as lame as Yu-Gi-Oh, and has nothing but pointlessness. The show revolves mainly around an alien humanoid man named Goku, who belongs to a race of space pirate wannabes who are in actuallity have an IQ ranking that of an average cave man and have nothing better to do than fight to a very pointless death and serve under anyone stronger than themselves becausde they are too stupid to think of a strategy to outsmart others. Anyways the story revolves entirely around the plot stealing Goku who fights these evil aliens that try to attack 'Earth' (but in actuallity the real Earth is much smarter and would have noted an incoming alien and tooken to Area 51 before the Z-Fighters noticed) that have no real motive but show off their invincibility, destroy Earth with no real purpose, or collect the Dragonballs (or also known as Dragon Testicles) with no real motives but be stronger (how much stronger does a person want to be?). The villains are always invincible and all the Z-Fighters die all the time from these fights because they have one single approach, which is fight, fight, and just FIGHT (plus these fighting scenes are pretty crappy because they overuse the same scenes and show no real strategy in chicken scratched animation). After killing the villain in the most predictable way, which is blow 'em up, they have to encounter a new invincible villain with no real motive and the Z-Fighters must fight and die once again to blow him up like before, then after that it repeats exactly the same as before (the classic yet boring rinse and repeat strategy). ; 1) The show's progress is VERY VERY slow, leaving the turtle in a blur of speed. It takes over 10 thirty minute episodes to finish a fight just to end up fighting again. It also leaves only 30 to one minute worth of progress for each episode. Events hat take only a few minutes take many episodes to show. ; 2)The animation is pure crap and makes chicken scratch and quick sketches look like a work of art. ; 3)The characters are slow minded. ; 4)The Z-Fightres have no real strategy when it comes to dealing with the villains. It's about 'who is the strongest' despite all the options in the Universe. ; 5)The creators of DBZ are running out of power, speed, and technique ideas. ; 6)The Z-Fighters aren't as tough as they claim to be, plus they are lousy heroes despite their 'great power'. ; 7)Many time delays are in the show. ; 8)The characters are very very similar to each other. ; 9)Any Anime other than Yu-Gi-Oh is better than this one. ; 10)Dragonballs are very dangerous other than its wishing properties.

