Vagina Monologues
A feminist play that supposedly 'shows the power of women'. The problem is that 'the power of women' includes the raping of little girls, vulgar language, and obscene questions. You don't believe me? Look up 'Vagina Monologues' on Google and you'll see all about it. ; The Vagina Monologues is an extremely offensive play where a bunch of feminist lesbians attempts to liberate women through the frequent usage of 'vagina'. Hell, even the playwriter (Eve Ensler) looks like a fucking feminist lesbian. ; One of the more famous example of how fucked up this play is when they showed it at Madison Square Garden (imagine that....Madison Square Garden...) for the reason of 'stopping violence against women'. Here's how they did it: They showed a lesbian raping a little girl who then laters says that she is no longer a heterosexual, but is a liberated lesbian. ; Maybe my logic is just screwed up, but wouldn't THAT promote violence against women? You know, raping a girl who then decides that she likes it? ; To make all of this worse, we also have a bunch of dumbass women who supports this shit. Unsurprisingly, most of those women are college students. Some of which calls of themselves feminists while others just call themselves normal women. The difference is that the latter is lying while the similarity is that both are dumbasses. ; Frankly, I'm sick of shit like this. Why the hell is it that something like this is allowed?? I can guarantee anyone that if a man did this, he would be crucified and in jail. However, what do the women who are currently doing this play get? They get awards, international acclaim, and even prestigious compliments from actors/actresses such as Glenn Close. ; The worse that hit them was from FOREIGN authorities and even that wasn't much. Uganda banned the play and threatened arrest, China banned it a few times, Malaysia banned it too. That wasn't all, though, even a few US Catholic colleges banned it. I couldn't find a single case where they organizers of the play was hit with anything even remotely punishing and they even threatened to sue! ; The fact that mostly Asian places have banned this place is an outrage. Western countries seemed to have accepted this vulgar trash and even acclaimed it. If I were to do research on this play, I would probably find praises from Britan, Austrailia, and other places like that. ; America should be ashamed for accepting this shit. It should be ashamed for allowing it to be played at places such as Madison Square Garden. It should be ashamed that the play's catchphrase ('Vagina') was used to encourage women to vote ('Vagina Vote', anyone?). Most importantly, it should be ashamed that the women who set this up is still walking the streets free.

