blink 182
I hate every single person who says Blink 182 sucks. ; Because, they don't you've probably only heard their newer stuff which isn't half as good as their old fast-pased filled with punk riffs. ; The band blink 182 was formed by two friends, Mark Hoppus and Tom Delonge, who met when Tom was dating Marks younger sister Anne. When Anne told Mark that her boyfriend played guitar, the two decided to play in Tom's garage one day afterschool. That first day they started working on the song 'Carosuel' which appeared on their second demo and first album. After awhile, the band realized they would need a drummer, they found local thirteen year old Scott Raynor. They trio then recorded 'Flyswatter' and 'Buddha' [later re-releaserd in 1998]. After this took place an Irish techno band said they would confirm lawsuit if the band wouldn't change their name. The band decided on Blink 182. No one really knows why they chose '182' but some various reasons are: They are the numbers that symbolize suicide, the amount of times Mark had beaten off, how many freckles Tom Had...etc. ; The band was then signed to Grilled Cheese Records, since they had one a bet that they would sell over 150 copies of their 2nd demo. The cd had most of the bands songs from 'Buddha' and a few extras and a few of the songs were re-done and added stuff. ; The band then recorded Dude Ranch with the hit, 'Dammit'. The band then made music videos to the song 'Dammit' and track 12 'Josie' [named after a dog]. After a dispute with ; Scott, who wanted to take a break from the band to go to college, he was replaced with Travis Barker from the AquaBats. ; The band then went on to record their multiplatnium album 'Enema of the State'. They had their most famous hit 'All The Small Things' recorded as well as the hits 'What's My Age Again', 'Adam's Song', 'Aliens Exist' and 'The Party Song'. The band was more popular that weed. ; The band then re-realesed 'Buddha' and did a 49 track live cd called 'The Mark, Tom, and Travis Show' or 'The Enema Strikes Back' including 'Man Overboard' a song about Scott. ; They then recorded 'Take off Your Pants and Jacket' a thirteen track cd with hits such as 'First Date' and 'Stay Together For The Kids' and 'The Rock Show'. The cd also has five bonus tracks available on the unedited version such as: 'I want to fuck a dog.' 'Grandpa Song' etc. ; Blink then took a two year break, while Travis Barker and Tom Delonge started a side project called 'Boxcar Racer' with two friends. The band released one CD that includes Tom's first song he ever made. ; Blink in November of 2003, released their final album selftitled 'Blink 182'. It included their best songs ever such as 'Feeling This', 'Miss You', 'Go', 'Down' and 'Stockholm Syndrome'. Blink then broke up in May of 2005 after going on a world tour. :[ ; They say they might get back together eventually. ; Oh, Green Day sucks and is for posers since like half of you, who hate Blink only listen to them. Those sell outs.

