lateralus
If I told you that Tool's latest album, ; Lateralus, was way better than everything ; else currently on the market, would you ; believe me? Probably not. First of all, ; you don't know me. Second of all, you ; probably don't listen to Tool, because most ; radio stations pretty much ignore them. It's ; easier to follow what the radio tells you to ; listen to, isn't it? The answer, of course, ; is yes. But what if you are looking for more ; than the everyday stuff? ; It's an undeniable fact that mainstream ; music is becoming bland. The record ; companies churn out single after single ; of 'one hit wonders', creating radio ; garbage. Manufactured artists with no ; potential play their song, make some money, ; and then are never heard of again. ('Who ; Let the Dogs Out' anyone?) It has been ; happening since the beginning of Rock and ; Roll, and it probably will continue on ; forever. The only problem is that it seems ; to be getting worse. One has to ask him or ; herself, 'How many of these bands are going ; to be remembered thirty years from now, the ; way bands like Led Zeppelin and the Rolling ; Stones are remembered today?' Yes, every ; era has had its share of bands that come and ; go faster than Mick Jagger's voice at a ; Rolling Stone's Concert, and there is no ; stopping them. So why not go for something ; different? ; It is hard for the average music fan to ; change his or her taste. Your average music ; fan usually starts off listening to what his ; parents listened to, simply because he is ; not aware of anything else. Then, he turns ; the dial on the radio, and discovers rock, ; rap, pop, and other exciting genres. At ; about the same time, the average music fan's ; friends start to turn the dials on their ; radios, too. As they get older, they ; collectively start to worship a certain type ; of music. Then, whatever their radio ; station of choice tells them what listen to, ; they blindly obey. It doesn't matter that ; the quality of the music is steadily ; declining. The radio says do it, and then ; like the sheep humans are, they listen to ; the voice. Then the sheep run to the music ; store and spend fifteen to twenty dollars on ; a compact disc containing one popular song, ; and forty minutes of noise. Two weeks ; later, the family dog chews happily away at ; the shiny round thing it found in the ; garbage can. For some people, this cycle ; will never end. ; For others however, it does. Around their ; late teens, some people start to notice that ; there is other music out there. It doesn't ; get played on the radio. Naivety may have ; told them its because the music is ; not 'good enough', but they now know ; better. It's too good. The average music ; fan won't like it because it doesn't make ; sense to him. The radio won't play it ; because the average music fan won't listen ; to it. Progressive rock tends to fall under ; this category. ; Progressive rock is like modern rock; ; however, it is smarter, longer, and ; instrumentally diverse. Progressive rock ; does not get played on the radio because ; after five minutes, the average music fan ; gets bored. This is very unfortunate, ; because progressive rock is spectacular. It ; can move a person in ways that regular ; mainstream music can't. Some like to refer ; to it as 'smart rock'. Pink Floyd is good ; example of a great progressive rock band, ; which did make it big. That is because ; during the seventies, long instrumentals ; were popular and were allowed to be played ; on the radio. Today, they are not. Pink ; Floyd's 'The Wall' is the definitive ; progressive rock album. Many are ; comparing 'Lateralus', by Tool to The Wall. ; 'Lateralus' is not like 'The Wall'. Yes ; they are both long, and they both have a lot ; of synthesizers in them. That would be the ; end of their similarities. Neither one is ; better because they cannot be compared. So ; why try? 'Lateralus' is not a typical Tool ; album either. None of its songs sound ; like 'Sober' or 'Prison Sex'. Tool has gone ; a few steps higher with this album. It is ; meant to be heard all at once, almost like ; an opera. It is slow. Not slow in its ; speed, but slow in the way it gets from ; point A to point B. While a good riff in ; any other song gets heard a few times before ; the song is over, a Tool riff is explored ; like it could be the cure for cancer. The ; riff plays on, only slightly changing, to a ; point of hypnosis, before the song ; continues. The members of Tool are not ; afraid to do this. They aren't worried if ; the song exceeds ten minutes in length. ; They don't care that this kills their chance ; of getting on the radio. Tool is simply ; interested in making beautiful music. ; Beautiful music may be an odd word to use on ; an album that is so heavy and full of ; anguish. But it is beautiful the way fire ; is beautiful. It is destructive yet ; captivating. As usual, Maynard James ; Keenan's vocals are heavenly, and his lyrics ; are deep and poetic. The guitar, base and ; drums are rock solid, and play together like ; an orchestra. And the synthesizers top it ; off, making it eerie and full. ; The album is a masterpiece. One can listen ; to the radio, and then again, one can find ; something better. Lateralus mocks radio ; music, and takes pride in the fact that only ; a select audience will listen. Perhaps ; this is a blessing. Popularity is often a ; band's downfall. It would be hard to accept ; the fall of a band like Tool.

