john lennon
John Winston Lennon was born on Oct 9 1940 in Liverpool England during a bombing over the town. His Mother was Julia and his Father was Alfred. His father left him at age 1 and Julia fell in love with a sailor and lived a married life without ever being wed. his aunt, Mary 'Mimi' Smith tried everything to take him away from them because she thought her sister being immoral. She won and took John at age 3. His father took him at age 5 and planned to take him to New Zeland but Julia saved him. He cut off most contact with Julia until he was 15. She bought him a guitar and taught him to play. Mimi was against the guitar and it was until 1965 she finally thought the guitar offered him something. He formed a band called the Quarry Men. At a church activitie they preformed Be-Bop-A-LuLA live. Paul McCartney was in the audience and was later introduced. Within a week he was in the band. Paul in vited George Harrison another week later. The changed their name to the Silver Bewatles a play on the Crickets. After many behavior problems after school, Mimi sent him to art college where he met his first love: Cynthia Powell. He also met a great friend: Stu Sutcliffe. John asked him to join the band as a bass player. The band went to hamburg germany first in 1960. While they were there, they took their first drugs: Pep Pills. They were also introduced to Astrid who fell in love with Stu. They returned to england. They started working for the cavern club wich was their signature place to play. In 1962 They went to Hamburg again This time Cynthia and Pauls girlfriend Dot Rhone went along. But Stu didnt return He went back to painting and married astrid. Cyntia was pregnant when he returned and they married. They recorded an album under the name THE BEAT BROTHERS in germany. Brian Epstein owned a store and it got many requests so he went to find out why. He became their manager and they recorded their first 'real' album called Please Please Me. They returned to hamburg one last time to find stu was dead and John hit the bottle really hard for two weeks. John Charles 'Julian' Lennon was born in april 63. In 1964, in new York he tried his first hard drug: marijuana. He then tried LSD in 65. This began to destroy his marriage. He met Yoko Ono in 1966 and she began to stalk him with cards letters and once even showed up at his house. He began to give in and went on dates with her. He divorced Cyntia in 1968 and tried to take julian away from her but failed. Yoko began to lead him to many strange new things like performing in a bag, to doing a press conference in bed. He moved to new york after the beatles broke up in 1970. He continued to released albums. In 1974 he separated from yoko for 13 months when he did drugs and drank uncontrollebly. They got back together and had a son: Sean. He became a stay at home father and tried to pick up the shattered pieces of his relationship with Julian and got off to a fresh start with sean. He released his first album in 5 years in 1980 and was shot down a few months later.

