Rugby Union
#The game of the intelligent man# ; Union is a far more technical game with scrums... yes real scrums where the ball is put down the middle were both teams can get at it and the massive physical contact and the skill such as borin come in to play. positions such as prop and hooker carnt be played by any one as if an untrained person would play the position that person would undoubtable brake his neck ; The reason being that average weight per forward is about 17 stone and there are 8 forwards so x together = 136 stone... and thats one side of the scrum now add both sides this ='s 272 stone..... and all that pressure on 6 guys necks. ; Another element of union that league does not have is line outs. where both teams forwards oppose each other to gain the ball. again there are technical skills which league players do not have such as lifting, or throwing the ball accuratly in to the line. ; Now the 'league lot' say there is far too much kicking in union but the fact is in union u know that u will get the ball back so players will try risky moves to attempt to score a try(5points). In league the players are so terrified to try somthing new and exciting, they just run at each other and once they are tackled they wriggle around on the floor and hope the ref will see them and take pitty and give them 6 more precious tackles.Where as in union if a player is tackled the team must fight to retain possesion and a ruck or maul is formedand then play resumes. ; The game of league the players are physically fit but only because they are constantle running away from the ball. In union the physical contact is so much higher than in league and the only reason there is more violence in league is that it is played by scum who only play the sport to bully other ppl(if you desire to injure some 1 go out and pick a fight... oh yes u allready do!) ; Another difference in the two games is the passion, such as in the six nations in rugby union where the best players represent there country and fight for victory also the heiniken cup these specticals make for fantastic viewing. ; there are also 7's and 10's games which are alot similar to league in the way you try and retain the ball by not going in to contact. ; In conclusion i would like to say that union is better than league. i have played both union amd league and find leage a game for girls that complain if they are held on the ground for more than a second.

