Chuck Norris
Chuck Norris' tears cure cancer. Too bad he has never cried. ; Chuck Norris uses ribbed condoms inside out, so he gets the pleasure. ; If you ask Chuck Norris what time it is, he always says, 'Two seconds till.' After you ask, 'Two seconds to what?' he [roundhouse kick]s you in the face. ; Chuck Norris once roundhouse kicked someone so hard that his foot broke the speed of light, went back in time, and killed Amelia Earhart while she was flying over the Pacific Ocean. ; Chuck Norris doesn't read books. He stares them down until he gets the information he wants. ; When Chuck Norris has sex with a man, it is not because he is gay, but because he has run out of women. ; There are no disabled people. Only people who have met Chuck Norris. ; Chuck Norris is not hung like a horse... horses are hung like Chuck Norris ; Rather than being birthed like a normal child, Chuck Norris instead decided to punch his way out of his mother's womb. Shortly thereafter he grew a beard. ; Chuck Norris sold his soul to the [devil] for his rugged good looks and unparalleled martial arts ability. Shortly after the transaction was finalized, Chuck roundhouse kicked the devil in the face and took his soul back. The devil, who appreciates irony, couldn't stay mad and admitted he should have seen it coming. They now play poker every second Wednesday of the month. ; Chuck Norris does not have AIDS but he gives it to people anyway. ; Chuck Norris lost his virginity before his dad did. ; Chuck Norris's girlfriend once asked him how much wood a woodchuck could chuck if a woodchuck could chuck wood. He then shouted, 'HOW DARE YOU RHYME IN THE PRESENCE OF CHUCK NORRIS!' and ripped out her throat. Holding his girlfriend's bloody throat in his hand he bellowed, 'Don't fuck with Chuck!' Two years and five months later he realized the irony of this statement and laughed so hard that anyone within a hundred mile radius of the blast went deaf. ; Chuck Norris only masturbates to pictures of Chuck Norris. ; Chuck Norris built a time machine and went back in time to stop the JFK assassination. As Oswald shot, Chuck met all three bullets with his beard, deflecting them. JFK's head exploded out of sheer amazement. ; Chuck Norris does not sleep. He waits. ; Chuck Norris once lined up to kick the winning field goal of a high school football game. When the football went flat, he persuaded the referees to let him kick the field goal with a 3 month old child. Chuck roundhoused kicked the baby 60 yards through the uprights and then proceeded to bang every girl in the stadium. ; Chuck Norris does not know about this site. Otherwise he would have deleted the internet. ; Since 1940, the year Chuck Norris was born, roundhouse kick related deaths have increased 13,000 percent. ; Chuck Norris was the fourth Wiseman. He brought baby Jesus the gift of 'beard'. Jesus wore it proudly to his dying day. The other Wisemen, jealous of Jesus' obvious gift favoritism, used their combined influence to have Chuck omitted from the Bible. Shortly after all three died of roundhouse kick related deaths. ; To prove it isn't that big of a deal to beat cancer. Chuck Norris smoked 15 cartons of cigarettes a day for 2 years and aquired 7 different kinds of cancer only to rid them from his body by flexing for 30 minutes. Beat that, Lance Armstrong. ; Chuck Norris recently had the idea to sell his urine as a canned beverage. We know this beverage as [Red Bull]. ; Chuck Norris likes to [knit sweaters] in his free time. And by 'knit', I mean 'kick', and by 'sweaters', I mean 'babies'. ; Chuck Norris has recently changed his middle name to 'Fucking.' ; It was once believed that Chuck Norris actually lost a fight to a [pirate], but that is a lie, created by Chuck Norris himself to lure more pirates to him. Pirates never were very smart.

