greenwich
only in greenwich does one see a five year old girl dressed in the complete lilly outfit, along with her mother in a completely matching dress. Jack rogers are the way to go, along with rainbows, eliza b's, and if the mothers shoe closet is not filled with at least three pairs of prada shoes then they are shunned from their social life. Girls are known to all have the same hair color, slightly dirty blonde with platinum highlights. If one is ever seen with a middle part, she will be quickly chastized by her peers, and will quickly adjust her below the shoulder, perfectly straightened hair, to a close-to-a-comb-over side part. Even the boys must wear their hair on the side, of course with wings, buzz cuts are not acceptable. Popped collars are the dress code and you must be wearing coach ballet flats even through the snow. Often times boys and girls wear the same thing such as madras shorts or skirts, seesucker bermuda shorts, and ralph lauren cashmere cable knit sweaters.If seen with solow pants ROLLED, not one person will speak to you. Fashion seems to be timeless in this Greenwich bubbble. The interest in such clothing like vineyard vines, ralph lauren, lacoste, j.crew and other popular boutiques is passed down from generation to generation. If your home is under a million dollars, you are considered in the 'lower class'. ; Education is extremely important to these wealthy families, considering most of the children's tuitions are equal to the rest of the world's yearly salary. Often times, kids are sent away to boarding schools to pursue thier athletic careers. Popular sports include lacrosse, field hockey, ice hockey, tennis, squash, sailing, football, and golf. ; Once a child reaches the age of twelve or so, they are allowed to travel the avenue with their new cell phone and debit card. Overpriced does not even exist in the Greenwich vocabulary. A twenty dollar undershirt is considered dirt cheap. Eighty dollars for a pair of sweatpants? Oh my gosh that is such a bargain. Looking for a cute inexpensive shirt to wear to a school dance might require a one hundred and fifty dollar bill at Reflection of Wishlist. Most of the families own two houses or rent the same one every year in such popular places as Vail, Nantucket, and the Vineyard.

