pop mosher
I made up the word pop mosher myself. A pop mosher is someone who thinks theyre 'proper[hardcore]' because they wear 'dickies or 'vans' and listen to some corporate shit. For example, evanescence, blink 182, nirvana, foofighters, sum 41,green day,good charlotte, the rasmus, marilyn manson or the ever popular mcfly or busted. These bands usually consist of some whiny annoying voiced lead singer with a guitar strumming the same chords over and over again, wearing a t-shirt saying a slogan like 'anarchy' or 'punk rock' with a pair of those awful half-mast, baggy dickies trousers with a pair of pink converses, vans, dcs or etnies thinking that pink is an individual colour. ; The pop mosher thinks they are [individual] because they dont go around wearing [townie] gear, when most of the time a pop mosher is a townie in disguise. ; A girl pop mosher wil usually shop at tammy girl, and get those horrible bright pink, black or purple baggy ake bondage trousers with straps flying off them. Also, they will wear skechers, punky fish, those disgusting plastic spiy earrings and a dog collar with spikes about a millimetre long. They try to pose all morbid and suicidal like avril lavinge or amy lee from evanescence standing wth an arm on hi, and they're face leaning down with big eyes. These big eyes are usually caked in black or pink eyeshadow trying so hard to be gothic and they're hair in messy pigtails. ; A boy pop mosher will wear those awful beige or black baggy criminal damage or dickies trousers either half mast or so long they trip up each time they walk. They will also wear adio, vans, airwalk or dc shoes with a black hoodie with some stupid word or symbol on the front. The boy listens to good charlotte, blink 182 and the rasmus(as does the girl) and poses all 'hard' and 'in yer face'. They usually have a scruffy look about them and wear those massive chains dangling about they're waist that jingle when they walk. The hair is either long and frizzy, shaved or so spiked that the head gets weighed down. ; The message is basically, pop moshers are like [mini moshers] or [wannabe goths] but even more annoying as they mosh to pop music trying to be 'gothic' or 'punk'.

