Guido
first of all, being a guido is not just a fad in highschool that predominately italians wear its a way of life a mentality but if you want to stereo-type heres a description: ; clothing- A/X tee shirts, diesel shirts, wife beaters,sweat jackets usally by puma or adidas part of a matching set with pants, A/x jeans ben sherman jeans , sweat pants, And capris. anything tight that shows off muscle definition.diesel shoes, nike cortezs, pumas. and let us not forget the classic A/x belt equipped with the nextel. lots of gold or silver chains some with italian horns. and kangol hats and sunglasses worn all day and all night. ; Whips- BMW'S usally convertable and has a banging system and an italian flag in one or more places, cadillac's, anything expensive that will make someone say damn! ; place of birth- could be anywhere but most guidos reside in northern and southern jerzee and parts of new york predominately brooklyn bensonhurst section. ; hang outs- joey's in clifton (if youre from jerzee you know the place), spirit,exit, abyss,temptations,djais, any club in the area or the gym mostly gold's gym where can purchase steroidsnot all guido do steroids though. ; music- techno,house, dance no rap if any very little. music that can all form a circle around eachother and dance using the guido fist pump to songs like 'pump it up'-danzel, ' dancin, i got the pills'-oscar g ; phones- usally nextel with a cover and loud ringers and constantly showing no matter what they are wearing. ; hair-takes longer to do then all your sisters combined, if you have no sisters then to put it blunt a long fucking time. cut into something called a brook, or brooklyn which consists of long spikes on top and sides but sideburns shaved to points and the back is squared off. ; other needs to be a guido- tans all week, lifts wieghts and gets hair cut every week. ; ethnicity-italian, mostly if not part if not you can dress like one but you are not one unless youre really fucking cool which ive met my share of

