Trabuco Hills High School
[Hell] on Earth, located in Mission Viejo, CA. ; Part of the Saddleback Valley Unified School District (SVUSD). ; Ruled by unjust forces of darkness that delight in and should be convicted for: ; 1. Oppressing the masses by means of a demonic propaganda machine known as the [THHS ASB] aka Anorexic Skank Brigade. ; 2. Running over hapless people with golf carts when they aren't looking. ; 3. Forcing hundreds of innocents to write letters to a single Marine that nobody even knows for no fuggin' reason whatsoever. ; 4. Mangling the English language (It's called a computer, not a confuser, dammit, you weak technologically illiterate fossil.) ; 5. Saying the Spanish words 'papel' and 'libros' over 27 times in a row. ; 6. Insulting the intelligence of the few that have it. ; 7. Hiding in dark corners throwing AIDS-infected syringes at unsuspecting passersby. ; 8. Buying shoddy Macintoshes of many aeons past. ; 9. Replacing the above with shoddy Macintoshes of slightly fewer aeons past. ; 10. Devising amazingly inefficient, stupid, backwards, and plain boring curricula. ; 11. Allowing racism to rear its ugly amalgamation of head and ass. ; 12. Sacrificing tender young infants at midnight under the full moon to ancient evil gods that desire nothing more than to bring agony and slaughter to our world. ; 13. Playing horrible and excessively loud music during snack time for the singular purpose of inducing mass stupor and brain damage. ; 14. Creating useless daily video announcements hosted by even more useless primates. ; 15. Forcing physical education on its undeserving subjects, which happens to be futile as the fat, slow, or unenthusiastic merely become even more fat, slow, or unenthusiastic. ; 16. Not being able to make a website that doesn't suck. ; 17. Retaining ringworm-infested wrestling mats used by ringworm-infested dipshits that should've been incinerated long ago to prevent contagion. ; 18. Sending out top officials of aforementioned Anorexic Skank Brigade to survey people who do not want to be surveyed when up to 2732 other people could have been surveyed instead. ; 19. Having an excuse for an Alma Mater worthy of being declared Shittiest Attempt At Poetry of the Geological Era. ; 20. Countless other heinous sins and transgressions against fundamental human rights.

