Miroku
Statues of this deity are already prominent in Japan by the 7th century. By the 9th century, Miroku Bosatsu becomes extremely popular among believers of the Shingon Sect, a form of Esoteric Buddhism. Founded by Kobo Daishi (774 to 835 AD), the Shingon sect believes that, far in the future, the Miroku Bosatsu will become a Nyorai (Buddha), and then appear on earth to save those unable to achieve enlightenment. Even today, Shingon followers are awaiting Miroku's return, scheduled to occur about 5.6 billion years from now. ; Miroku Bosatsu - Hakuhou Period, Treasure of Kouryu-jiAccording to Buddhist lore, the Days of Dharma (Buddhist Law) are divided into three periods: ; 1. First phase lasts 500 years; called the Turning of the Wheel of the Law (itself a metaphor for teaching the way to enlightenment), it refers to the spread and acceptance of Buddhist philosophy ; 2. Second phase lasts 1,000 years; during this period the practice of the Law begins to deteriorate ; 3. Last phase lasts 3,000 years; during this period, no one practises the Law ; In the very last period, Buddhism will weaken and fade, but a new Buddha will then appear to once again 'turn the wheel of the law.' This Buddha is Maitreya (Miroku). Technically speaking, Miroku is a Bosatsu who resides in the Tusita heaven -- the place where Bosatsu dwell before incarnation -- but Miroku is still considered a Buddha in light of his impending arrival. This explains why Miroku can be represented as either a Bosatsu or Nyorai (Buddha). Nonetheless, I am unsure why the modern-day Shingon Sect believes Miroku Nyorai will appear 5.6 billion years in the future. According to the timeframe set forth in the Days of the Dharma, isn't that supposed to be around 4000 AD? ; In Japan, the majority of Miroku artwork depicts the Miroku Bosatsu -- not sure if this holds true outside Japan. Also, in Japan, the Miroku Bosatsu is mostly shown seated, with finger touching cheek, as if in deep meditation or musing, and the left ankle of the foot is resting atop the right knee. Both poses are seldom found for the other Nyorai and Bosatsu. ; To help you differentiate between the Nyorai and Bosatsu versions of Miroku, just remember that Bosatsu statues are typically ornate, wearing crowns and jewelry and princely clothes. In contrast, statues of the Nyorai are typically unadorned and dressed in the simple robe of a monk. This guideline doesn't always work, of course, but in often yields a correct assessment of the deity.

