Johnny Depp
One of the greatest actors in the history of film, Mr. Depp conveys his characters with so much feeling that it's hard to distinguish between fiction and reality. He first made his acting debut in 'A Nightmare on Elm Street' and went on to have the starring role in '21 Jump Street' which turned him into a 'pretty-boy teen idol'. Hating the label the show gave him, he moved on to bigger and better things and was soon participating in films such as 'Edward Scissorhands', 'Cry Baby', 'Ed Wood', 'What's Eating Gilbert Grape' and, most recently, 'Pirates of the Caribbean', 'Chocolat', 'Charlie and the Chocolate Factory' and 'Finding Neverland'. ; As well as acting, he has directed a film named 'The Brave' which he also starred in along with [Marlon Brando], and has his own production company, aptly named 'Infinitum Nihil' (Absolutely Nothing) which he claimed was named with those Latin words so that when asked what it meant, he could reply, truthfully, 'Absolutely Nothing'. ; Johnny Depp's acting skills are beyond excellent, and his portrayal of characters such as Pirates of the Caribbean's 'Jack Sparrow' and Finding Neverland's 'J.M. Barrie' have made teenage girls weak at the knees as well as made older fans beam with pride. His looks have attracted many, and he has been deemed, several times, 'Sexiest Man Alive', much to his amusement. Ask any true fan why he is so likeable, and you'll hear the same answer: his generosity, sense of humour and genuine kindness to everyone, the fact that he owns up to the fact that he has made mistakes, knows that he has made them and vowed not to make them again, his absolute modesty and humble attitude to life and his pride and love for his two children and partner of eight years, [Vanessa Paradis] is what makes him so attractive. ; As well as his personality, there are his looks which make girls go weak at the knees. With his Cherokee heritage, Johnny's high cheekbones, slightly 'pouty' lips and highly original fashion sense make him beautiful in every way...as close to perfect as a human being could be.

