Cass' Buddies
Rachel: Sistew! I'll miss you soooo much, girlie. ;-; We're still going to college together, right? (Monkey Butt fur shall live on) ; Jessie: Other sister! Hang in there, a'ight? Ya' better not leave me on this earth alone, love you too much for that. ; Nikki: <3333!!! I LOVE you sooo much, Nikki, and i'll miss you fo'evah. Don't think you'll be so easily forgotton. ; Padfoot: Girl we be hangin' out through our thoughts, right? Stay strong, keep up the good work, You're a great girl! ; Maddy: Oooh, i'm guhna miss you. I might be back some day soon, but till then..*flashes her badge* ; Rain: Girli-o you're so cool, i don't wanna leave you :'( mup on!! ; Bella: Aww Bella you were a great daughter, Your mummy loves you! ; Mike: Take care of everybody and skurtion for me? I'm counting on you, kid-o. ; Naomi: Mommy!! I'll miss you dearly, and i'll NEVER forget you! I'll check it all out some day, again. But until some day, Love you bunches! ; Tara: Hey girl i know we didn't chat much but i'm still guhna miss you! ; Betz: Betsyyyy, i'll miss yoooou, Take care of N for me, right? ; Lori: Hey dude thanks for all the help in math, even though it did get me angry some times. :P Love ya ; Ashton: I know we had a lot of fights but i still love ya kid, and i'll see you some day, so keep ya' chin up! ; Zack: You were one of my very first friends, and you'll always be my bestest guy friend forever and ever! Mahal na mahal kita, right? ; Ali: Girl-i-o! if only we could have talked more, eh? I didn't get enough time to be your friend ;_; Keep the triplets of fuck alive without me? ; Matt: Matty! I'm gunna miss you, kidd-o. I don't know how you were related to me, but you were... and that's all that matters. :P Stay fly, a'ight ; Kyle: Lol i barely got to know you, but you was the cat's meow. so coolio, i'll see ya some time in the next life, whenever that is. ; I'll miss you guys, and never forget a single one of you! (If i fogot you in the list, sorry... all of it applies to you, i'm just stoned off my meds right now)

