26 reasons not to like rock
A. It Sucks ; B. takes no talent, ; C. only has ugly middle/upper class depressed boys who think their cool, ; D. just ew, ; E. IS FOR EMMA ; F. most of them are butt ugly, and even the ones who get the hott girls are still ugly (pale, full of ugly tattoos) ; G. the golden days of rock is over and now its only wanna be rocker ie. pop stars playing a fake guitar ( avril lavine) ; H. Full of druggies who are womanizers too, thats all music, $50 90% of all musicions do some sort of drug, illeagle or not, the most famous and best rockers have all died from drugs. ; I. has no good beats (drums are much worse then rap beats ; J. they kill the word fashion, why do you want to rip perfectly good clothes? People would kill to have whole pants and shoes ; K. If rock is so good then why isnt it the most popular music? You kno that rap is, white and black and latina and azn people like rap, only white people and an occasionol other person likes rock ; L. That brings me to the point, rock only speaks to one minority ; M. And their all rich boys, none of them were poor cuz how do you explain guittar lessons, and an instrument, that costs money and no poor person is gonna pay for stuff like that ; N. Requires no vocal talent ; O. they were the ones who brought mullets into style ; P. whats his name made a porno with pamala anderson ; Q. they steal all the pretty woman who should be going out with the pretty actors ; R. i kno some of these reasons suck but w.e ; S. Guitars are stupid and make stupid noises ; T. the old metelica is supossidly one of the best bands.... that REALLY says something about rock ; U. watch almost famous, good movies but makes rock look like crap THEY STOLE THAT POOR BOYS VIRGINITY! ; V. if someone can get up to V in the alphebet about how it sux it cant be good ; W. bad band names, what kind of band name is guns and roses? ; X. no one has battles against each other and talk bout people in songs, thats an interesting thing about rap, following up on peoples battles ; Y. there are hardly any female rock people ; Z. all the bands that arnt on drugs are extremely gay and stupid (dont take that word gay in homosexual way just like gay meaning stupid and extremely metrosexual *quotes a line from a band you like* hey now your an allstar get your game on heeey'...... that could be A-Z

