fundie
The fundamentalists, also known as fundies or by their Latin classification Homo Phobius, are a subspecies of humanity distinguished by their phobia (simultaneous fear and hatred) of most people who differ from them in any way, based on their extreme religious conviction. ; The threat of eternal physical torture in the mythical flaming demon zoo known as 'Hell' is the fundies' primary method of insulting others. They base this conviction on millenia-old books of badly-written tribal customs, myths and genealogy which have been mistranslated many times by other fundies. In the case of the Muslim fundie, these books are contained in the Koran, while the Christian fundie worships the Bible. ; The brain of the 'Christian' fundie, while generally underdeveloped and often host of outlandish delusions, has a large capacity for memorization of Bible verses (or in the case of the Islamic fundie, Koran verses), often in the Shakespearian English of the King James Version, as this is less easily understood, and thus more easily twisted into the basic fundie message, which is 'hate thy neighbor.' Fundies, however, occasionally use the euphemism 'love thy neighbor' (a rare example of non-literal fundie language) to convey the same idea. ; Fundie dogma, along with what has already been mentioned, includes the concepts that differences between individuals, differences often so insignificant as to be unnoticeable without spying, should be the basis for undying hatred of those who possess any of these horrible differences, and for their condemnation to eternal Hellfire. This philosophy is also known as [bigotry] or [douchebaggery]. This is based on their occasional cursory reading of the above-mentioned texts combined with their lack of ability to understand the concepts of metaphor, sarcasm or any type of humor whatsoever. Often the fundie will not in fact read the 'holy' texts, but will simply memorize the passages which other fundies recite. This is a common behavior pattern of the fundie, since, along with being often illiterate, they are incapable of logical thought, and thus cannot develop any individual opinions on the meaning of these texts. ; A short list of those who are often considered by the fundie to be inferior follows: ; -atheists ; -agnostics ; -Muslims according to Christian fundies, and Christians according to Muslim fundies ; -HOMOSEXUALS (this is generally the most important enemy of the fundie) ; -people who have sex before marriage ; -people who are not white ; -members of any [cult] other than that of the fundie in question ; -immigrants ; -liberals (in the sense of 'Democrats' as well as the sense of people who think independently, and/or support any less strict form of government than theocratic fascism, and/or in any way support the concepts of peace, love, or tolerance, as espoused by the Christian fundie's supposed idol, Jesus Christ.) ; -people who read or mention parts of the scriptures which endorse liberal blasphemies such as tolerance ; -every subculture except their own (e.g. [punk]s, [Goth]s, both of which are known in fundie dialect as 'Satanists') ; -users of any mind-altering drug except pharmaceuticals and caffeine (and depending on the particular cult, tobacco and alcohol are sometimes accepted) ; -married couples who do not always have sex in the missionary position ; Despite the similarity in names, fundies despise all forms of fun (such as sex, drug use, movies, dancing, and non-gospel music), considering them to be Satanic. ; A short list of fundie cults follows: ; -White Knights of the Ku Klux Klan ; -Liberty University (despite the name, the members of this cult have a special hatred for liberty, since it is valued by liberals) ; -Bob Jones University (for all practical purposes identical with Liberty University) ; -Al Qaeda (Islamic) ; -the Baptist church ; -Pentecostalism (one of the main rituals of this cult involves feigning an epileptic fit while babbling incomprehensbily, which oddly is seen as a sign of holiness and purity) ; Though their philosophy would in most places condemn them to be homeless pariahs, in the Southern United States many fundies have found work as preachers and other types of demagagogues (such as [politician]s). Though fundies for the most part lack any practical skills by fault of their underdeveloped and hate-flooded brains, the ability to convince people that other types of people are not human, but in fact demons sent by Satan, is a valued and respected skill in fundie culture. Abbreviated examples of this ability, often based on the misinterpretation of statistics, are below.

