Warkind
You swine. You vulgar little maggot. You worthless bag of filth. As they say in ; Texas. I'll bet you couldn't pour piss out of a boot with instructions on the ; heel. You are a canker. A sore that won't go away. I would rather kiss a lawyer ; than be seen with you. ; You're a putrescent mass, a walking vomit. You are a spineless little worm ; deserving nothing but the profoundest contempt. You are a jerk, a cad, a weasel. ; Your life is a monument to stupidity. You are a stench, a revulsion, a big suck ; on a sour lemon. ; You are a bleating foal, a curdled staggering mutant dwarf smeared richly with ; the effluvia and offal accompanying your alleged birth into this world. An ; insensate, blinking calf, meaningful to nobody, abandoned by the puke-drooling, ; giggling beasts who sired you and then killed themselves in recognition of what ; they had done. ; I will never get over the embarrassment of belonging to the same species as you. ; You are a monster, an ogre, a malformation. I barf at the very thought of you. ; You have all the appeal of a paper cut. Lepers avoid you. You are vile, ; worthless, less than nothing. You are a weed, a fungus, the dregs of this earth. ; And did I mention you smell? ; Try to edit your responses of unnecessary material before attempting to impress ; us with your insight. The evidence that you are a nincompoop will still be ; available to readers, but they will be able to access it more rapidly. ; You snail-skulled little rabbit. Would that a hawk pick you up, drive its beak ; into your brain, and upon finding it rancid set you loose to fly briefly before ; spattering the ocean rocks with the frothy pink shame of your ignoble blood. May ; you choke on the queasy, convulsing nausea of your own trite, foolish beliefs. ; You are weary, stale, flat and unprofitable. You are grimy, squalid, nasty and ; profane. You are foul and disgusting. You're a fool, an ignoramus. Monkeys look ; down on you. Even sheep won't have sex with you. You are unreservedly pathetic, ; starved for attention, and lost in a land that reality forgot. ; And what meaning do you expect your delusional self-important statements of ; unknowing, inexperienced opinion to have with us? What fantasy do you hold that ; you would believe that your tiny-fisted tantrums would have more weight than ; that of a leprous desert rat, spinning rabidly in a circle, waiting for the bite ; of the snake? ; You are a waste of flesh. You have no rhythm. You are ridiculous and obnoxious. ; You are the moral equivalent of a leech. You are a living emptiness, a ; meaningless void. You are sour and senile. You are a disease, you puerile ; one-handed slack-jawed drooling meat slapper. ; On a good day you're a half-wit. You remind me of drool. You are deficient in ; all that lends character. You have the personality of wallpaper. You are dank ; and filthy. You are asinine and benighted. You are the source of all ; unpleasantness. You spread misery and sorrow wherever you go. ; You smarmy lager lout git. You bloody woofter sod. Bugger off, pillock. You ; grotty wanking oink artless base-court apple-john. You clouted boggish ; foot-licking twit. You dankish clack-dish plonker. You gormless crook-pated ; tosser. You churlish boil-brained clotpole ponce. You cockered bum-bailey ; poofter. You craven dewberry pisshead cockup pratting naff. You gob-kissing ; gleeking flap-mouthed coxcomb. You dread-bolted fobbing beef-witted ; clapper-clawed flirt-gill. ; You are a fiend and a coward, and you have bad breath. You are degenerate, ; noxious and depraved. I feel debased just for knowing you exist. I despise ; everything about you, and I wish you would go away. ; I cannot believe how incredibly stupid you are. I mean rock-hard stupid. ; Dehydrated-rock-hard stupid. Stupid so stupid that it goes way beyond the stupid ; we know into a whole different dimension of stupid. You are trans-stupid stupid. ; Meta-stupid. Stupid collapsed on itself so far that even the neutrons have ; collapsed. Stupid gotten so dense that no intellect can escape. Singularity ; stupid. Blazing hot mid-day sun on Mercury stupid. You emit more stupid in one ; second than our entire galaxy emits in a year. Quasar stupid. Your writing has ; to be a troll. Nothing in our universe can really be this stupid. Perhaps this ; is some primordial fragment from the original big bang of stupid. Some pure ; essence of a stupid so uncontaminated by anything else as to be beyond the laws ; of physics that we know. I'm sorry. I can't go on. This is an epiphany of stupid ; for me. After this, you may not hear from me again for a while. I don't have ; enough strength left to deride your ignorant questions and half baked comments ; about unimportant trivia, or any of the rest of this drivel. Duh. ; The only thing worse than your logic is your manners. I have snipped away most ; of what you wrote, because, well... it didn't really say anything. Your attempt ; at constructing a creative flame was pitiful. I mean, really, stringing together ; a bunch of insults among a load of babbling was hardly effective... Maybe later ; in life, after you have learned to read, write, spell, and count, you will have ; more success. True, these are rudimentary skills that many of us 'normal' people ; take for granted that everyone has an easy time of mastering. But we sometimes ; forget that there are 'challenged' persons in this world who find these things ; more difficult. If I had known that this was your case then I would have never ; read your post. It just wouldn't have been 'right'. Sort of like parking in a ; handicap space. I wish you the best of luck in the emotional, and social ; struggles that seem to be placing such a demand on you. ; P.S.: You are hypocritical, greedy, violent, malevolent, vengeful, cowardly, ; deadly, mendacious, meretricious, loathsome, despicable, belligerent, ; opportunistic, barratrous, contemptible, criminal, fascistic, bigoted, racist, ; sexist, avaricious, tasteless, idiotic, brain-damaged, imbecilic, insane, ; arrogant, deceitful, demented, lame, self-righteous, byzantine, conspiratorial, ; satanic, fraudulent, libelous, bilious, splenetic, spastic, ignorant, clueless, ; illegitimate, harmful, destructive, dumb, evasive, double-talking, devious, ; revisionist, narrow, manipulative, paternalistic, fundamentalist, dogmatic, ; idolatrous, unethical, cultic, diseased, suppressive, controlling, restrictive, ; malignant, deceptive, dim, crazy, weird, dystopic, stifling, uncaring, ; plantigrade, grim, unsympathetic, jargon-spouting, censorious, secretive, ; aggressive, mind-numbing, arassive, poisonous, flagrant, self-destructive, ; abusive, socially-retarded, puerile, clueless, and generally Not Good.

