Feminist
There are two types of feminists. ; Type #1) The kind who just wants true equality. Unfortunately, their conception of 'equality' usually include something along the lines of 'women should get health benefits' instead of, oh say, something like 'women AND men should get health benefits'. While they do try to include men sometimes, it's usually in an afterthought. ; The best example of this can be observed in politically moderate areas. They may be difficult to find and you can find some of their books on Amazon or eBay. Do not try to buy their books in stores as they have been pushed into obscurity by the more radical feminists. ; Type #2) The kind that seems to be everywhere and has so much political power that it could make anyone with half a brain sick. Their demand for equality does not ever include men unless it's along the lines of 'ALL female workers should be paid as much as men (especially the CEOs...)'. These kind of feminists are the ones that conservatives target and they're usually the ones called 'man-hating lesbians'. Of course, I'm not saying it's not true because it is (please refer to [Eve Ensler]). ; While it is often argued that these feminists are only a small fraction of feminism, it does often seem like they're the only kind. They're the kind to which one would refer to as [feminazi] and they're the same kind who use their gender to get impunity against the law while hollering that they're empowered. These are the same kind that has Hollywood, television, and politics in some kind of an iron grip. They're also the kind to be hypocritical most of the time (such as complaining that they get death threats for their work while sending death threats to the Type #1 feminists for their work). ; The best example of this kind of feminist can pretty much be observed everwhere, but they're most prevalent in states such as California or Massachusetts. However, it doesn't matter really. You can pretty find them anywhere on TV or anywhere in Austrailia, Sweden, or pretty much any college in a western country. ; While I have stated two types of feminists, there are really no good feminists. Hopefully, they will disappear someday and the divorce rate will go down to something respectable.

