so emo
guitards at guitar.com are so emo ; my overrated bands section of my sub pf ; jimi Hendrix- He defines overrated. His boring guitar tone, bad vocals and sub par guitar playing somehow make it past the critics, who praise him as original, inventive, unique, influential, talented and a musical genius. He's not. All he did was speed up already bad blues music added some distortion and there you have it, Jimi Hendrix. He admitted he was a bad singer, so there's nothing to point out there. He was not a skilled guitar player, everything he played sounded the same and it all blurs together. Sure he has some good moments, but most musicians do. Most of his playing is sloppy and it all blurs together into one big, boring blues re-hash. ; Nirvana- Kurt Cobain was NOT a guitar master, he didn't write paticularly meaningful lyrics, he did not re-invent rock music, they are not the greatest band of the 90s. His playing was sloppy in the studio, and absolutely terrible live. He was constantly on drugs and his music shows it. His voice was terrible, grating and very studio-altered. Pick up a Nirvana bootleg to hear what he really sounded like. Sloppy and out of tune. His lyrics only made sense to him, it's stupid to see so many different analyzations of them. Chances are they are just random heroin-induced ramblings. ; Led Zeppelin- Oh man, these guys define overrated. Everyone says they are the birth of metal. Wrong. Black Sabbath is, and definately a better band. Zeppelin songs all sound the same, the guitar playing doesn't have 'feeling'. Screwing up doesn't make your solo emotional. Put down the bottle and learn to play. John Bonham wasn't a good drummer either. He wasn't bad, but he always gets too much praise. Robert Plant is also a terrible singer. He's got a weak, thin voice and he constantly misses the notes. Unacceptable. 'Stairway to Heaven' is boring and way too long. ; oh yeah, and radiohead owns ; - ; noone mentioned Soundgarden as sucking, so this thread is still ok by me.. ; - ; Avril Lavigne isn't bad ; - ; Atreyu kicks ass ; - ; Dave Matthews Band, simply amazing Matthews does a wonderful job arranging his songs and they do not sound the same and he does play a lot more than a few chords. His drummer Carter Beuford is an amazing drummer who can 'tear up' any metal drummer because he can play a lot more than a simple rock beat with a pounding double bass. Vionlinist genious as well as the saxophone player. ; Tom Morello isn't the rock and roll savior yes and i'm not a big rage against the machine fan. But his playing with effects is what made him original and different. I'd like to see you try and use your guitar to make it sound like a scratch pad. ; - ; would agree that hendrix is overrated. he simply played blues that was up way too loud. ; - ; Led Zepplin sucks balls. ; - ; I don't mind My Chemical Romance ; - ; ^You're so emo homo

