chester springs
Commonly reffered to as area 19425, is as the philadelphia inquirer has stated, 'The beverly hills of the delaware valley region.' In recent years there has been an influx of Rich demanding upper class famailies only wanting the biggest and the best. Residents of Chester springs only compete in materialism. who has the best clothes, the best car, the most luxurisly furnished house. But the sad thing is that they all have these in common, their seven years olds are a walking abercrombie avertisement, the women are wearing that latest david yurman jewelry while carying the most recent louie vitton purses, and they all drive a mercedes or bmw, and their houses priced an extra 100 grand because of their location in 19425 are a radius of 20 feet apart all looking the same. Dont let this fool you, these people are really down to earth and humble. Lets take a look at a friday night with the public school kids. The kids get together at a friends house, the parents all think their children are sent directly from god and are all the virgin mary. Five seconds after their dropped off, shit1 cocaine is on the table and one by one they go in for a phiff. Oh so sad, the sweet innocent kids that come from those perfectly chrisitan fammilies are now snorting coke and now off to go get anal by some guy they just met in the guest room. Another past time in CHester springs? oh i thought it would be obvious? gossip, helllooo? Even the mothers liek to gossip about other kids since they think their children are amazingly gifted and so much better and talented then everyone elses. ex.-Oh my Annie, is just so pretyy, so atheltic, oh shes such an amazing person. Well guess what i bet you didnt know that annie just last night fucked David and CHris because she was too stoned to know that it was a dick she was on not the usual dildo she borrows from you because you and your husband hate eachother because you know that hes sleeping with the babysitter so you dont fuck him and rely on masturbation as the only pleasure youll get!. yes thats right. this is the real chester springs deal. I dont care what they say. 89% of the kids are stonned off their ass fucking eachother left and right. The parents have telephone poles inserted in thier rectum therefore they think its nesscary to talk abotu everyone elses bussines. Lovely chester springs is. The finest famailes, the best drugs, and the dirtiest sub 19 year olds in the world!

