final fight
A side-scroling beat 'em up that was realeased in 89 but the story happens 2 years earlier. ; Mike Haggar (from saturday night slam masters) is the mayor of Metro City, the 'crime captial of the world.' The Mad Gear gang runs the city and they kidnap Haggar's daughter, Jessica. Haggar gets his gym buddies, Guy, the bushin ninja and Cody, the street fighter, to help him rid the city of the mad gear gang for good. They beat up tons of people using punches, kicks, throws, pilledrivers, flying kicks, knives, katanas, lead pipes etc. And they rescue Jessica and Cody knocks the leader out of a window (Shows this at the start of final fight 2, in the Japanese version anyway.) ; This game was moved to so many consoles. On SNES, they removed 2 player mode, Guy and a whole level. They also changed Poison and Roxy to Billy and Sid because they thought they were transvestites and because they didn't like the idea of hitting women (Which completly contradicts the first thing.) Damnd and Sodom were changed to Thraser and Katana. ; The story of Final Fight 2 is Mad Gear regroups and goes international. They capture Guy's girlfirend (Or wife... or something) Rena and Guy's master's master. Maki, Rena's sister rings up Haggar and asks him to help get them back. He does, with the help of Carlos, someone who is staying at Haggar's place at the time. No Cody or Guy, they were either training, in jail or doing the street fighter alpha stuff. Anyway, the three beat Mad Gear, this time for good. ; In final fight 3, Haggar, Guy (By now the events of street fighter Alpha 1, 2 and 3 are over) a cop called Lucia and a street fighter who had his family mudered, Dean, fight the Skull Cross gang who took over after Mad Gear was destroyed. They beat the leader and knock him into some high voltage electricity thing. ; There were so many conversions of the original (Final Fight for sega cd, gba etc.) There was also final fight revenge but people still wonder if this has anyhting to do with the story line. There's also a few gaps between the games coz the whole story line consists of street fighter games, saturday night slam masters and a whole lot of other games.

