skriznak
1.) An unsavory skank, male or female, who is persistently senile and out of touch with reality. When not wreaking havoc in public, they spend their time in holes, gutters, sewers, cardboard boxes, Chicken coops, roofs of tall buildings, and sometimes even luxurious mansions, brewing up brilliantly odd and completely unnecessary plots against society in order to justify whatever the individual skiznak feels violates their hallucinated purpose. ; Considered one of the rare jewels of society, skriznaks are people that frequently display outrageous and sometimes superhuman upheavals of rage that will rapidly twish and mangle any previously healthy and happy situation into complete chaos. They wreak havoc wherever they happen to be at the time (Usually out in public). The behavior is often considered to be drug-related (prescriptions not excluded), but the existence of some skriznaks can be the result of brain damage, bad upbringing, terminal chemical imbalances in the brain, bad hygiene, television, mind control, time travel...or a combination of all these things. Skriznaks are the unpredictable bastard villains of society who have unfounded compulsatory intentions to lurk in other people's affairs, trying to assemble clever schemes with the broken tools a crippled mind. Most are filthy and wear old raggy clothes, but some have a sense of fashion, especially when they claim a Wal-Mart or JCPenny's. Skriznaks usually approach a group of people casually and ask someone a friendly question. The conversation may go well for up to several minutes, until the skriznak begins speaking angry jibberish, believing they were just offended by something the person said. Then the communication breakdown begins. The scriznak will begin making odd gestures with his head, hands, arms, and legs simultaneously, that almost resemble a breakdancer having a seizure. This when the 'switch' in their head has been flipped and is followed by epic violence and destruction. They are usually gone by the time the police arrive.

