Comedy Central
The channel with the best programming and the worst marketing. A network that acquires and produces many great TV franchise, and makes commercials to make it all look like shit. ; The owners are already rich of course. But unlike other network execs, they say fuck quality, so long as they keep there couch potato market. ; ---Originals--- ; South Park: Best on the channel, for obvious reasons. ; Chappelle Show: Most original sketch comedy show ever, by Neal Brennan and Dave Chappelle(also the best stand-up act I have seen). ; Crank Yankers: Some very original prank calls, great effect added by puppets` actions sometimes. Awesome guests that people who know anything about stand-up would recognize. ; Daily Show with Jon Stewart: Great newscaster, originally from MTV News. Always known for sense of humor added to reports, still awesome, but now its a whole half-hour! Even a decent source of news, if you are smart enough to see what the actuall facts were(as it is fact-based) ; The Critic: Highly underaprecciated classic. Anything with John Lovitz is awesome(ie. [Rat Race], [The Wedding Singer]) ; Insomniac: Dave Attell, great comic. Good at stand up, great talent for getting wasted. Jason rules too. ; Plus, my NYC friend ran into them one night in Brooklyn. Lucky bastard. ; Drawn Together:.... ; 'The 1st animated reality show'? What kind of bullshit is that? ; Duckman: great. Simple but deep humor. Just watch it. ; Kid Notorious: I don`t know shit about Robert Evans, except that he rules. ; The Man Show: good as South Park, til they put those new guys on. ; Reno 911: #2 show on the network. Awesome shit. Great parody of Nevada if you have ever been there. ; ---Acquired Programs--- ; Kids in the Hall- Canada trying to be Monty Python. No chance in hell, but the Kids still rule. ; that`s right, Comedy Central did not make it. How stupid can you be to not know it`s Canadian? They even talk about it on the show! Hey morons like Fotodevoto, CC can`t make new episodes of a Canadian show, can they? ; Mad TV: sucks as, why did Comedy Central actually pay Fox for this piece of crap ; Saturday Night Live: great show, but it sometimes seems like Comedy Central handpicks the worst episodes ; Dilbert: ok to read in the paper for 30 seconds, not worth watching on TV for 30 minutes. ; Whose Line is it Anyway: Best improv show there is, done long before Dana Carvey`s version on ABC went mainstream thanks to Brady. ; Trigger Happy TV: The best show they ever bought from BBC, even better than Whose Line. When I get back to the States, I am SO filming something like this. ; thats all i can think of. ; if i left anything out, my memory probably blocked it out for unrectifiable suctitude.

