france
A stupid country, which i have been too unfortunatly. ; All of the people in france just walk around paris all day wearing horizontal stripey blue/red shirts, stupid puffy red scarfs, tight black trousers and black berets. ; all the men have very pointy mustaches and retarded accents. and sometimes small pointy goaty beards. ; There are very few job catagorys in france, these are: ; Artist, Chef & Mime ; In there free time they sit in cafe's eating onions going awhaw awhaw awhaw, or they walk round looking down on non-frenchies in a derogorative way while they carry around french sticks. ; as for food you will be lucky to find anything edible, even though 1/3 of frances population are chefs the only two types of food you will find on the menu of any restaurant is Frogs Legs & snails, so i suggest you bring your own food. ; The main site is the Eiffel Tower, named by the french but built by a brave band of engish men, its use is as a method of suicide by jumping off the top for any one who is trapped in paris. and is not an onion eating awhaw awhaw awhaw frenchy frog. ; The french are Famous for there Cheese and wine, obviously they dont make this themselves as they found an ancient cave full of cheese and wine which was left by the romans, so there supply of old mouldy cheese and vintage wine should only last out for another couple of years. ; The french are also famous for losing wars, The french have never won a war in recorded history, as they always end up being conquered, and its always up to Great Britain, Land of Courage, Greatest country in western europe to come and bail france out of whatever trouble they have got themselves into by eating onions and going awhaw awhaw awhaw. see [ww1], World war one, World war 1, Frogs, Bloody, French, Scum], [ww2] & [The Napolionic Wars] ; While staying in Paris make sure you avoid the subways as there always seems to be anthrax in them, some wierd french thing to put anthrax in public areas e.g. playgrounds and the like. ; As you can see france is not a good country, and realy you should avoid it at all costs, if you want to get somewhere in europe by ferry go from dover to Ostend and not dover to calais as you can avoid france altogether, if you stand on the white cliffs you can smell the onions from the wind blowing accross the channel yuk!

