bleeding-heart liberal
A democrat or political left-winger(2 different things) who tends to be subjective in their political views. Political subjectiveness is ok to some degree, but I think that some people tend to get carried away or be unrealistic. These types are somewhat of sore to American society, but on the other hand help balance out crazy redneck or bureaucrat conservatives. Both could be done without in the end because of their serious bias on everything that ever happens. ; There are few types of people who fall into this group: ; 1.Activists-the troublemakers who are ; violent and crazy but try to cover up by pretending that their motives are moral. ; 2:Stoners-people who have taken a lot of time to think through where they stand politically, and realize that violence is an ineffective way to reach their goal, even if the establishment is refusing to listen to them. These people think Bush is a terrible president, and give logical reasons. ; 3:Metalheads-people who have taken a lot of time to think through where they stand politically, but are too carefree to do anything more than write music about it. Also, they are pessimistic and feel they will never change anything. This group also has logical reasons for hating Bush, such as the fact that the only Iraqis killed by Sadam were rebels who were trying to assassinate HIM. ; 4.Nobodies-people who really have none of their own views, but will make themselves think they believe in anything that is popular. Once they have a cause in mind, they will gather any evidence, without even thinking through it enough to realize it doesnt make any real sense. This group is very anti-Bush, but cannot give logical reasons why he is a bad president, such as the fact that he has a Texas accent(No shit. How is that a problem?) ; Bleeding-heart liberal, or [bleeding ass liberal] is usually used by right-wing conservatives to refer to any and all democrats or liberals. ; Middle-roaders like me use it for any person who thinks only about the benifit of individuals rather than society as a whole. In other words the kind of person who believes that we must not leave anyone behind, even if helping them would be a drag one the whole group. Someone who not only believes that, but will not waver on it no matter what, that is a bleeding heart-liberal.

