LEFTS
A 'lefts', also referred to as a 'left' is any kind of lie, fib, deception, exaggeration, or falsification that is used with the intention of gaining social status or impressing people. ; LEFTS are broken up into the five kinds of lies and deceptions: ; Ladder Lie (LL) - The type of lie that comes in the form of a statement that may or may not be true, that serves as a sort of test. If the listener challenges the statement, then it is retracted, and the leftist comes down the ladder. This is usually followed by statements that attempt to excuse the previous statement, such as 'Oh, I didn't understand what you meant,' or 'We must be talking about different things.' ; Extreme Exaggeration (EE) - Statements (often segments of SS's) that are so far over the top no one could possibly believe them. Usually they come in the form of stories that take place in far away lands, or with 'friends' (see FF), that just seem too much to be true. There is usually a truth somewhere in the depths of an EE, but good luck trying to find it. ; Fictious Friend (FF) - Friends that no one has ever seen or met, but definitely heard about. They often seem so amazing that the listener would probably envy the leftist for knowing them, if they actually existed. Usually they don't live anywhere in the immediate area, and never come to any events or social gatherings, although they may the leftists pen-pal or be active on the internet. Well contrived FF's have names, ages, back stories, etc, but sometimes they are merely anonymous persons. When the leftist is questioned about these 'friends', like for example about their name, they often respond with bumbled speech or the first name that comes to mind. Sometimes leftists even go as far to restate the name and information of someone the listener already knows, as to make themselves seem as they know this friend who does actually exist. ; Twisted Truth (TT) - A half-truth told to deminish to negative effects on the leftist of telling the whole truth. These are frequently used when the listener couldn't possibly know the whole truth, and therefore the leftist has a low risk of being caught in their lie. However, the listener may find out they were in fact told a TT later on, from friends or circumstances in which the truth is revealed. ; Stretched Story (SS) - Stories that are one EE after another, which stray so far from the truth that they become questionable. Well told SS' tend to glorify the leftist in almost movie like illustriousness. These stories have the ability to go on forever with infinite detail and amazing drama until challenged, at which point parts of the story may be retracted or 'forgotten.' SS' are special because they are somewhat the synthesis of all other parts if leftism; containing EE's linked with LL's, being played out by FF's, with all negative parts of the story being glossed over in the form of a TT. ; see also [throwing lefts] ; [leftist] ; [leftism]

