Heaven
A higher vibration of thought. It is not above us, nor around us. It is simply a different plane of reality beyond our current understanding. ; Everything is a vibration. Einsein proved that everything is energy, but on different frequencies of vibration, and that matter was simply energy condesned to a slow vibration. ; Light is a vibration, and so is sound. They are both on an infinite spectrum, they are both seperated by 7 defined colours, or notes in a scale. Sound revolves in octaves, basically the 8th notes is just a repetition of the first note but at a higher frequency. The same is for light. If you create a clour circle, notice how there is always a clour to fill everygap, that red mixes into orange, into yellow, into green, into blue, into purple, back into red. So then, does light not work in octaves too? ; So, if everything is a vibration. Does that not mean our thoughts/consciousness is not a vibration? Well, I believe it is, and I also believe there to be octaves of thought. Heaven is simply a higher vibration of thought, so it is a different reality to the one that we understand, like we cannot see into the UV spectrum of light. ; The reason why we have been taught that love is the way into heaven is becaus love is a unifying emotion. When we are in love we wish to be around the things that we are in love with, and we feel more together. Heaven is simply where everything is in perfect love. There is no seperation. ; Hate is a seperating emotion. When we are hateful, we wish to have nothing to do with the things that we hate, and we feel seperation from them. Hell isn't a reality though. I believe that we are already in the lowest vibration of thought possible. God is only a force of creation. But God is love, because before the 'Big Bang' there was only one nothingness. And so, the reason why love is pleasureable is because we exist to become unified once again. ; There are also higher octaves above heaven. Heaven is only 1 octave above us now. Heaven is a 5dimensional existence. 4 spacial dimensions and 1 time dimension. the extra dimension is due to our understanding of reality, and this dimension is linked to our consciousness. We can manipulate our reality by thought, rather than thought, then action. This is why it is a place that is beyond our comprehention. We cannot directly manipulate our reality, and so we are sometimes bored because our thoughts do not instantly entertain our actualility. ; In heaven, there is no boredom. But there is still room for improvement. In the octave above heaven (as far as my understanding will take me) we are pure energy, pure consciousness. We have lost the need for any physical form, and even in heaven, we are more energy than we are material anyway.

