remark
1. To mark in a notable manner; to distinquish clearly; to make noticeable or conspicuous; to piont out. [Obs.] Thou art a man remarked to taste a mischief. Ford. His manacles remark him; there he sits. Milton. 2. To take notice of, or to observe, mentally; as, to remark the manner of a speaker. 3. To express in words or writing, as observed or noticed; to state; to say; -- often with a substantive clause; as, he remarked that it was time to go. Syn. -- To observe; notice; heed; regard; note; say. -- Remark, Observe, Notice. To observe is to keep or hold a thing distinctly before the mind. To remark is simply to mark or take note of whatever may come up. To notice implies still less continuity of attention. When we turn from these mental states to the expression of them in language, we find the same distinction. An observation is properly the result of somewhat prolonged thought; a remark is usually suggested by some passing occurence; a notice is in most cases something cursory and short. This distinction is not always maintained as to remark and observe, which are often used interchangeably. \"Observing men may form many judgments by the rules of similitude and proportion.\" I. Watts. \"He can not distinguish difficult and noble speculations from trifling and vulgar remarks.\" Collier. \"The thing to be regarded, in taking notice of a child's miscarriage, is what root it springs from.\" Locke.\n\nTo make a remark or remarks; to comment.\n\n1. Act of remarking or attentively noticing; notice or observation. The cause, though worth the search, may yet elude Conjecture and remark, however shrewd. Cowper. 2. The expression, in speech or writing, of something remarked or noticed; the mention of that which is worthy of attention or notice; hence, also, a casual observation, comment, or statement; as, a pertinent remark. Syn. -- Observation; note; comment; annotation.\n\n(a) A small design etched on the margin of a plate and supposed to be removed after the earliest proofs have been taken; also, any feature distinguishing a particular stage of the plate. (b) A print or proof so distinguished; -- commonly called a Remarque proof.

