(a) One out of several parts combined in a system of aggregation, when each is of the nature of the whole; as, a single cell is an element of the honeycomb. (b) (Anat.) One of the smallest natural divisions of the organism, as a blood corpuscle, a muscular fiber. 5. (Biol.)  One of the simplest essential parts, more commonly called cells, of which animal and vegetable organisms, or their tissues and organs, are composed. 6. (Math.) (a) An infinitesimal part of anything of the same nature as the entire magnitude considered; as, in a solid an element may be infinitesimal portion between any two planes that are separated and indefinitely small distance. In the calculus, element is sometimes used as synonymous with differential. (b) Sometimes a curve, or surface, or volume is considered as described by a moving point, or curve, or surface, the latter being at any instant called an element of the former. (c) One of the terms in an algebraic expression. 7. One of the necessary data or values upon which a system of calculations depends, or general conclusions are based; as, the elements of a planet's orbit. 8. pl.  The simplest or fundamental principles of any system in philosophy, science, or art; rudiments; as, the elements of geometry, or of music. 9. pl.  Any outline or sketch, regarded as containing the fundamental ideas or features of the thing in question; as, the elemental of a plan. 10. One of the simple substances, as supposed by the ancient philosophers; one of the imaginary principles of matter. Note: (a) The four elements were, air, earth, water, and fire; whence it is said, water is the proper element of fishes; air is the element of birds. Hence, the state or sphere natural to anything or suited for its existence. Of elements The grosser feeds the purer: Earth the Sea; Earth and the Sea feed Air; the Air those Fires Ethereal. Milton. Does not our life consist of the four elements Shak. And the complexion of the element [i. e.,the sky or air] In favor's like the work we have in hand, Most bloody, fiery, and most terrible. Shak. About twelve ounces [of food], with mere element for drink. Cheyne. They show that they are out of their element. T. Baker. Esp., the conditions and movements of the air. \"The elements be kind to thee.\" (b) The elements of the alchemists were salt, sulphur, and mercury. Brande & C. 11. pl.  The whole material composing the world. The elements shall melt with fervent heat. 2 Peter iii. 10. 12. pl. (Eccl.)  The bread and wine used in the eucharist or Lord's supper. Magnetic element, one of the hypothetical elementary portions of which a magnet is regarded as made up.


